- Lifestyle roll Body + Willpower v. 2 stun

----

Game 2: Step into Christmas
2025-12-07
GM: legionof1
Players:
    - Allarion as Bollard, Magic Traffic Cone
    - BLT (blt6409) as Gargamel, Gay but not elf wizard
    - Defective_Gh0st as Boomslang, the Sneaky Wizard
    - Myself as Grond, who may or may not be a wizard in his heart

Grond got the call ~6 hours in advance. The restaurant at the Gates Casino in West Bellevue. Bollard offered a ride, which Gargamel and Grond accepted. "Yeah Daisy's a big RV," she said when Grond asked if there would be space. Gargamel was picked up first, to avoid taking the troll through Snohomish.

What picked him up with a Unimog, modified to be a camper/food truck. Bollard helped Grond hide his grenades, opening the smuggling compartment, and Grond threw his duffel bag inside.

Pulling up, they aura farmed in their high fasion drip, walking to the door. Inside was an opulent, clean casino. They caught some eyes, being as high profile as they were, but had no trouble getting into the restaurant and calling in their reservation.

In a private room, they met a very old native woman. Well dressed, but with traditional paraphernilia tastefully on her person. She gestured for them to sit, and they did. Once they were seated, she began the pitch. She needed protection for someone important to her. She explained he was a bit of a wimp, and Grond and Bollard were not. There was a traditional trip in the wilderness that she would prefer him return alive from. The principle's goal was to survive the trip as a coming of age ceremony. It would take about 4 days, if all went well. If not... "weather in Alaska," she quipped. "In December," finished Bollard. They would be restricted to a dogsled's worth of gear, and what they could carry. She also mentioned that a ddogsled driver could be "accounted for" after Bollard's line of questioning, and ended with telling them the pay: 5000 each per day, up to four days, with a bonus for bringing back interesting hunting kills--in the case an awakened creature attacked, not that hunting was encouraged.

The team began asking about gear coverage, since they would need to purchase gear suitable for subarctic survival. She instead offered an advance, since there was nothing she could lend in Grond's size. She gave them an address to meet in two days, where they would be departing by boat for Alaska.

The team hit various outdoors and survival stores around the city, picking up the gear they thought they might need. Two days passed, and they boarded the boat that dropped them in Anchorage a couple days later. From Anchorage, they boarded a small plane that took them to Port Hope, the starting location of the dogsled trip to Wainwright. Getting off the plane they were met by two flamboyant men in pink parkas. Looking them over, Grond got the impression from their weedy stature that they didn't get out much.

They introduced themselves as John and Richard, their nasally valley-girl accents grating to Grond's ears. After some introductions, they were led to a kennel where a dogsled was prepared and an older looking native man was waiting for them. "This is Runs With Wolves. He will be in charge of the dogs. And the most important one should things go wrong, as the dogs will likely run wild without him."

Gargamel immediately went over and asked to pet the dogs, in a rare show of confidence. Runs With Wolves smiled, and gave the dogs a sign. As if waiting, they dogpiled Gargamel, and from within the fur pile the team could hear a triumphant "Yeeees!"

With that, the Johnson left, saying her job was done and to bring the boys back in one piece. There were three sleds, with each of the three adds taking one. Grond and Bollard went with the principles, while Gargamel and Boomslang rode with Runs With Wolves.

Grond then slotted his BTL, then froze as his mind shut down. Bollard figured it out, and Gargamel pulled the BTL from his commlink. Runs With Wolves gave Grond and Bollard some basic instructions on how to drive the dogsleds, but left them to plan the route. The twinks were, of course, no use. Bollard, who "used to be in boy scouts" quickly identified a route over land, avoiding the frozen ocean out of an abundance of safety.

They took shifts running along the dogsleds. Drawing towards evening, they began looking for a place to camp. Bollard and Boomslang were able to find a spot, not great but their equipment could handle it. As the day wore on, the boys had grown more sullen and cranky, while Runs With Wolves was stoic apart from calling out to the dogs.

Grond asked when it would be darkest, as he had good night vision. The team concluded that the Arctic night wouldn't be getting any darker. Gargamel summoned a spirit to help with the watches. The watch order was Boomslang, Grond, then the final two. As night settled, Elton John started to air from the tent. In the middle of nowhere. In the wilderness. Boomslang told them off, and they acquiesed eventually. In the meantime, Bollard encased the camp in a wall of ice.

On Gronds watch, he sat quietly by the fire in the center of the igloo, letting the silence and sounds of the forest wash over him. Midway through, he heard a noise from outside, picking up his mace and patrolling the perimeter. From the footfalls, it sounded relatively substantial. Listening closer, it sounded like something fairly heavy, low to the ground, and three mouths breathing, but only one set of treads. He kept an ear out, and eventually the sound moved off. He moved back to the center of the igloo, making a note on his commlink to pass on the information to Bollard.

In the morning, Gargamel identified the animal as most likely a Cerberus Hound. Rare to meet, but native to the area. He also noted that if a Cerberus Hound wanted to follow something, it would do so with conviction, so best to hope they didn't pique its curiosity.

Grond suggested they hunt it. The team treated it as an animal, but to Grond it was a bonus. The team was against it, but suggested leaving a door next time. Bollard reiterated he would rather not fight at all, bonus be damned, but agreed to make a door next time.

They set out on the sleds once again, as the darkness of the second morning rose. Around 13:00 some of the team spotted a bulky figure with horns on all fours. The members of the team in the know figured it was either a horned bear of a shardik, both territorial and aggressive. Bollard considered a course adjustment, but Grond wanted to fight it. The rest of the team wanted to avoid it.

"If it wants to eat me it can eat my hand. With this HE grenade inside."

Bollard agreed, and it got a chuckle out of Gargamel. But with only half the team willing, Bollard conceded to the vehement animosity towards encountering the creature emanating from Boomslang, and planned a new route to avoid the bear. As they moved along the valley, Gargamel's spirit informed him it could hear ice cracking. Bollard, familiar with ice and water from their exploration, concluded that the packed snow was starting to shift, and an avalanche down the valley was impending. They changed course, moving up the hill and avoiding the boulders of ice and show that came smashing down soon after.

With a sheer cliff beside them, and a boulder field ahead, they had no choice but to take the sleds back to the original route. Grond also suggested Bollard use their magic to clear a path, and they built an ice road over the debris field--not quite what Grond was suggesting, but, as Bollard said, "I got ice magic, not rock magic. I can't move boulders."

Regardless, they were back on track, and continued to avoid the bear, though Bollard was tuckered out after casting so much magic in succession.

They finally made camp for the next "night," though the sun had never risen, and this time Bollard added a movable block of ice to act as a door for Grond. That night, Gargamel's spirit kept watch, so Grond took a walk in the woods to experience the Arctic wilderness. On his walk, as expected, the Cerberus ambushed him. It knawed on him, then was confused, then he splattered it with his mace.

He brought it back to camp, and handed it to Bollard to dress. "I went hunting." Bollard could only put a palm to their face, but they even made Grond a cool necklace. Breakfast was Cerberus steak and eggs. The twinks were off put seeing the hound, but Bollard explained to keep the most useful parts. They consulted Runs With Wolves about keeping the most valuable parts--pelt, teeth, bones, and potentially the acid glands. Grond asked if they could bring some of the meat as well, complimenting Bollard's cooking.

Day three. They set out, and at around 15:00 Gargamel's spirit clutched again, informing them of howling from the northeast. Gargamel identified them as Fenrir Wolves, large pack hunting animals, frequently used by security forces as they were easily trained. They would generally avoid metahumans.

Bollard chose to stay the path this time, both due to the relative safety, as well as that the last deviation went poorly. However, as they moved, Gargamel's spirit warned them something was following them. Boomslang assensed, but didn't pick up whatever the spirit saw. Gargamel resulted in the same, so Bollard fired a flare, revealing a pack of wolves. While they were revealed, Bollard took a burst with their rifle. One wolf dropped, and the rest of the pack scattered, and did not pursue.

The team discussed going back for the corpse, dropping a GPS tag, but didn't stop to pick it up due to the danger. Still, they made another camp. Grond took another walk tonight, staying closer to the dome, and "morning" arrived uneventfully. Bollard, once again, made them a wonderful breakfast.

As they travelled the morning of the fourth day, Runs With Wolves had a private talk with Bollard during a break. It turned out, he would be testing the gays soon by faking an injury, and the boys would have to deal with it. Later in the day, over some rough terrain, he fell and "broke his leg."

Grond shouted for the dogs to stop, though Bollard shouted the wrong command, swerving right instead while stomping on the brake. Watching this, Grond shouted the command louder, and Bollard's sled came to a stop.

Bollard encouraged the two boys to help Runs With Wolves, comically demonstrating their inability to do so in various ways. While they focused on his leg, he grinned at the rest of the team. They bundled Runs With Wolves on the first sled. John lost rock paper scissors, and so drove Runs With Wolves' sled. The rest of the team distributed on the remainin sleds, and they reformed.

They arrived in Wainwright close to the early a.m., crossing over the icy bay into the settlement. Bollard reinforced it with a fancy ice bridge as they crossed, just to be safe.

The whole team, having thoughroughly enjoyed Alaska, decided to stick around and help out.

To do:
    - Grond gets bonus inf for removing the Cerberus threat and helping out around town.
    - 20k 6 karma 3(1 bonus for helping locals) influence (done)
    - 1 bonus inf for streaming (done)
    - Buy ranks in survival (done)
    - KS: Hunting (done)
    - 1 rank LOG (next up on improvements sheet)
    - Buying 2/2 group contact Twibe Gwich'in (waiting for details)

----

Game 1: Overnight for 20 Nuyen More
2025-11-19
GM: Solon (solonisonomia)
Players:
    - Sora9567(Esteem/Asp) as Asp, the Asp. With a car?
    - 4e-VR-JES/TAR as Kobold OS, who may be an AI
    - Defective_Gh0st as Thresher, who you shouldn't call a Smurf if you value life
    - Myself as Grond, The Osmium Mace


Meet time was set to 2 p.m. according to a message received at 9 a.m. Fortunately, the meet was a bar in Tacoma, so Grond decided to walk. Taking off his combat helmet to raise fewer eyebrows at the border, he put on the respirator matching his suit, making sure it was set to his usual white and red.

With an 8m long snake, a well dressed elf, a blue oni, and a well-dressed troll with a shield on his back assembled in the bar, the bartender took one look at them and directed them to the back room with a silent nod of his head. Inside, they found a dwarf in a decent suit--not top rack, but certainly custom. 18k per head, and a package needing transport from the south to the north side. Grond did what he was told--shut up and look intimidating, as Kobold negotiated slightly higher pay of 20k.

He pulled out a holoprojector, showing them a locked metal case about 30cm by 30cm by 60cm, saying it was in the crime mall in Puyallup at 10 p.m. He needed it in the Everett docks by night. 

They began interrogating the Johnson, getting the following information out of him: There were others interested in intercepting and potentially destroying it. When asked about explosives, he answered it was stable so long as the case was closed. In theory, opfor would be extremests, not police or corps. If the case was damaged, it would become worthless. Checkpoints wouldn't explicitly be a problem for licensing, but might want to open it. The pickup was from a rough looking pair of orks, and the receiver was a container box in Everett. There were no emissions, magical or otherwise.

With the questions complete, he left the room. Grond immediately went and got a drink from the bar. When he got back, the team was planning. While they planned a route, Grond thought about Puyallup's crime mall, and remembered that despite Puyallup being mostly Gianelli controlled, they left the crime mall well alone, respecting the unspoken ceasefire.

Kobold asked to put some stuff in the trunk, and while she offered a gun both Thresher and Grond declined. She briefly considered asking Grond to jump from car to car, should the need arise, but quickly rejected that idea.

The team decided to send Grond and Thresher as an away team at the mall. The sun was setting as they arrived in the Puyallup barrens, but the mall was still active. Grond scanned the parking lot as they exited the car, noting all the cool cars!

They made their way through the mall, Grond with mace in hand, and Thresher knocked on the door while Grond kept watch. The viewslot slid open.

"Who the hell are ya?"

"We're here for a package," replied Thresher, giving the password.

"Alright, get in here."

As Thresher went in, Grond noted some attention on the transaction, drawing his shield and blocking the door with his body.

Thresher came out, and the door slammed shut, with the sound a heavy bar sliding into place, behind them. As they began to move, the looky-loos began moving to intercept. All Human. Thresher recognized them as Night Hunter colours. As Thresher blended in with the crowd, as Grond broke his line of sight with their pursuers, a dance to confuse the night hunters. They began to run.

Thresher decked one of them, not quite knocking them out, as Grond charged, catching one square on the jaw with his mace, twisting his neck beyond what was normally possible for humans. One of them screamed expletetives and unloaded into Grond, achieving nothing, while the others engaged Thresher in melee with similar results. Thresher took the next one out, as Grond gave the shooter a disappointed look before swinging at the final Night Hunter engaged with Thresher. Grond grazed the spikes on his helmet, and he took another swing at Tresher, corectly judging he wouldn't be able to take out the troll in any reasonable amount of time. Thresher took a hit, but remained unphased. Another hail of bullets pinged off Grond's shield, then Thresher gripped and crushed the remaining melee combatant, making him bleed. Asp's spirit then arrived, firing an elemental blast at the same person, electrocuting him. Kobold, with a hacked commlink, realized that audiovisual data was being transmitted. The remaining Night Hunter retreated, tossing a grenade. Grond dove onto in, blocking the blast with his body, then standing up and glaring at the man. "Please, sir, may I have some more?" he said in an attempt to intimidate. It failed, but Thresher quickly finished the man off.

Kobold traced the feed off the commlink, while Asp incapacitated the four Night Hunters that had arrived in the parking lot, creating a floor of ice causing them to slip. Kobold attempted to damage the other end of the signal they had followed as the Night Hunters continued to slip.

Thresher and Grond began sprinting for the exit. Thresher exited first, and Asp drifted the car around, picking him up, while Kobold continued attacking the enemy PAN. Grond ran towards the new opfor, but Asp swung around, intercepting. In the car, Grond finally calmed down enough to not try to keep fighting.

Asp peeled away, following one of their pre-planned routes with modification at Thresher's advice based on the new knowledge of who they were dealing with. A drone followed them, but Kobold hacked it, killing the rigger and causing it to crash.

Asp got them to Everett in no time flat, and Kobold's meat body, who was completely unrelated to the "AI" Kobold, got our of the trunk and dry heaved on the ground.

To do:
    - -1 Lion's roar (done)
    - Chameleon coat weapons?
    - 21,000 nuyen, 6 karma, 2 influence