Last withdrawl test: Game 4
WR delivery Aug 1st
_______________________________________________
Game 4: X-Mas in July
2025-07-18
GM: clara8787
Players:
Allarionn as Jack Parker the Thief
foreverjester as The Black Witch the Mage
intruder4dk as Pantheon the B&E Muscle
Pon Pon (myself) as Flintlock the Muscle

About an hour in advance, Flintlock was informed a limo was coming to pick them up on Friday, 2 PM. Copying what she saw Purple do, Flintlock built a disguise before the meet. She walked to the Finest, where she usually got her soykaf and pizza from.

Flintlock was the the last to arrive.

"Moira. Good to see you again."

"Flintlock. How are you?"

"Well. No new bullet holes."

The Black Witch also introduced her husband, Pantheon, and Jack introduced herself curtly.

With everyone in the vehicle, the vidscreens around them switched to a rendering of the Emerald Grid, then began taking them towards Bellevue, as far as the renderings were concerned. They were invited a mark into the Microdeck headquarters upon arrival, a grand host that appeared as a palace of crystal.

The van opened up, with chromed up gangers and runners wearing Ares actions and high end restricted hardware as guards revealed in the garage. Roto drones monitored them as they moved through the parking lot.

They were led to an elevator, then into a meeting room. Two were in the room, with heavy AR overlays: A persona, and an orc, who were introduced as an assistant and Mr Johnson respectively.

They were informed their job was to infiltrate a birthday party of a technomancer no better than a child. They were also told there was likely a BTL exchange with local street gangs, and were desired by the Johnson. Their primary objective was to gain access to the target and recover files related to Project Eagle Scout. They were also told an extract vehicle would be provided, as well as a drug to remove short term memory. They also mentioned the target worked for Global Technologies, a sub of Horizon, and had a bio-augmented bodyguard to serve as their right hand.

Flintlock asked about going loud. Mr. Johnson spoke up for the first time told them that the Mafia family controlled the building, and arrangements had been made to keep corpsec to a minimum. Horizon HTR would be delayed, but going loud was still an option so long as they made it seem like an opposing corp.

They also mentioned that the data was located in a heavily protected archival host, that the technomancer had access to and would need to be 'coerced' to retrieve the data.

They were also told about the "Flying Horse," an independent rigger whou would provide helo extration. Flintlock once again asked about his aversion to "noise," and was informed he could handle a firefight.

They were also informed that while the building was only wired for sound, drone presence would likely be high.

And finally, the AI mentioned the 100k payout. Pantheon and The Black Witch negotiated up to 120k, which seemed to be what the Johnson was expecting anyway.

With the data package in hand, they gained some more information, such as the location of The Zodiac Lounge, a new club on the three stories above another club, the Angel Express, in Bellevue Square Building.

They relocated to an EHOP to continue discussing the job, coming up with the plan to have Flintlock impersonate Lunascape, Nat's ex girlfriend who got caught in a KE raid. Pantheon began searching information on Lunascape, while The Black Witch searched medical infodumps to see about breaking Nat's Horizon programming.

With their plans sorted, Jack took Flintlock through a trainyard, silently leading her to the correct one, revealing a disguise workshop. Jack sat Flintlock down in a costuming chair, and began building a disguise. She even applied a "nanopaste disguise" to mimic tattoos, a touch more advanced than Flintlock's usual disguises.

Jack also put together a personafix BTL before the run to better help impersonate Lunascape (+4 Impersonation).

Jack went off to sneak in on their own, while the rest of the crew snuck in in plain sight as sound crew for "Chet Manley," Pantheon's character for the night.

Flintlock sidled up to a group of wageslaves passing a betameth vape around, bumming a unit. She was offered a drink laced with galak, but flirtily declined saying she would start with wine.

As eyes were on the other team, Flintlock asked if she should move backstage and start assembling her gun. She still went to start collecting the pieces. As she was moving backstage, the noticed a man with three identical girls surrounding him as a +1 to one of the guests on the list, a "Great Dracken," local leader of a gang called "The Nova Rich." They surmised he was likely the intended recipient of the BTL handoff.

As she put her gun together and hid it, DNI comms chatter kept them up to date about the plans. Jack had rigged some doors to blow, warning them of the likely terrorist situation, watching the AR Nat be hyperactive on stage.

"...not again."

Later, their target arrived in the flesh. She interrupted the set somewhat to make an announcement, mentioning she would be taking presents for the next 15 minutes. As a line began to form, Flintlock, still disguised, stepped out from backstage and began starting at Nat to get her attention.

She eventually joined the line for presents. When Nat saw, her jaw went slack.

"You! It can't be you! This isn't funny! Who brought a bunraku puppet?! You have to tell me if you're a puppet! It's the law!"

"Happy birthday, Nat."

After a thorough investigation, Nat believed in the disguise.

"But, how?"

"I told you Nat, I always come back."

"Well, you said it in Japanese last time, but..."

"Anyways, we need to get you out of here." Flintlock glanced at Maggie, who was staring daggers. "Save killing me for later, we need to get Nat out of this first."

She led Nat and Maggie to the private room that TBW and Pantheon were waiting in, with their new "friend" Gentlest of Breezes, who was their to make the BTL trade.

She tried to make it seem TBW was changing a deal they had, to get Nat and Maggie to trust her more, but they heard suppressed gunshots. Nat said she had a rigger on the roof, and Nat figured that two riggers would be better than one. Nat seemed fairly convinced, and Pantheon begain to exit the room first after the team did some preparation.

He then shouted "behind me!" and charged the door, spear at the ready.

After some melee, and TBW throwing a bolt, Flintlock dashed forward, jumping off the doorframe through the melee, ran to the backstage, grabbed her gun, and ran back.

A melee erupted in the room she had just left, with more lightning flying, but Flintlock levelled her gun and began sending lead downrange at the Vory outside the room. Two dove, and bullets pierced the other two. Slug sized holes perforated the walls, knocking the nearest down.

She lit up with v-shaped laser dots. Bullets sprayed, scattering around her. A grenade went off at her feet.

She glared back at the opfor.

An arrow flew out of the room, killing one of the Vory.

Flint fired again, at the uninjured one, and they fired back, hitting Flintlock through her armour.

Then, Drakan burst out of the room opposite, slicing through the door with his sword and his girls dragged the injured Vory into the room.

"Hey Nat! We got a deal!" he shouted.

"The deal's off, morkhan-ha." Flintlock quipped, before swinging back into the private room where the rest of the team was still fighting, and send bullets flying. She missed the first 10, adjusted, and hit in the next burst.

Finally, the razorgirl tried to retreat, but Jack took them down. Nat, fighting Qlippoth in a technomancer duel, began bleeding from her eyes, ears, and nose. Jack killed her wireless with a noise bomb, and the opfor began pulling out.

Nat began having some regrets, and the team tried to convince her to hand over the data. TBW offered to help her start a new life, and Flintlock hit a clincher:

"Nat, I think you should take it. It's the same offer they gave me. It's why I'm here. But I can't be with you if you're with Horizon."

With that, Nat was convinced, and gave Flintlock the data spanning a six year program, using BTLs to "convert" teenagers into productive Horizon SINners, with thousands of casualties.

The Black Witch, with pistol in hand, stood behind Nat, waiting for Lunascape to verify the data. Flintlock gave a slight not, then pulled Nat in for a passionate kiss.

The Black Witch quietly lifted her pistol, aiming it at the side of Nat's head. And Pantheon pulled the trigger.

She dropped.

Flintlock used one of the AKs to put a few extra rounds in Nat's head, then finished off Maggie as well.

Jack went and got the BTLs, they handed over their hostage and extracted.

Flying Horse took them directly to a parking garage, where a limo was waiting, and they made the exchange.

Post game notes:
    - Buy a disguise kit (https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowrun/comments/5a7hra/how_to_use_disguise_skill/)
    - SIN forger contact, and upgrade SIN?
    - Spare SIN for when being scanned might occur?
    - Sling on all guns
    - Impersonation skill ranks
    - Voice modulator?
    - P2.1 profile? :vomit:
    - Restock
    - -1 Kami (already done)
    - Run rewards: 30kY, 8 karma, Chip on Komon, KS Shadow Community

_______________________________________________
Game 3.2: Come The Revolution, There Will Be No Resurrection For You (Part II)
2025-07-05 (Run started 2025-06-28)
GM: swimmer117/Terra
Players:
drbraddock as Purple the Muscle/Face
Pon Pon (Myself) as Flintlock the Muscle/Face
demonsunshine as Dokkalfar the Technomancer
foreverjester as The Black Witch the Mage

Dokkalfar dove into the Black Lotus' host and delivered a data dump.
    T6 Matrix Search (Infobroker) On the Black Lotus Casino:
    - Been around for a while, got big in the last ten years
    - Former Amerindian owned (Puyallup tribe)
    - Near the fort, makes it feel safer to SINners, so it gets more legit business than average
    - Abandoned over time, land purchased for cheap and held by speculators
    - Owner rapidly developed the land into what is functionally a private enclave within the city limits
    - Owner: Anton Rouge AKA: Vladamir/ Oji. Sole owner. Elf (human-passing). Heavily invested in Puyallup, specific investments in several business, including the Big O.
    - 24 hour party on the penthouse floor, which is permanently rented to a Go Gang (Reibubeibi, Japanese: "Rave Babies", same group we saw at the O)
    - Exclusively female gang, members seem to age out around 30. Given extremely preferential treatment by Black Lotus security, but aren't officially on payroll.
    - 5 Leaders, two of them we saw at the Big O. Lolita (Center) Kuro-Moe (Mid Left), Rana (Far left), Zonbi (Mid Right), Suketa (Far Right)
    - Been harder to get reservations at the casino recently, commensurate with apparent uptick in elf guests (who all seem to speak Sperethial exclusively).
    - Once a year, the entire hotel seems to get booked for a private event (around the summer solstice, ie now). High profile elves seem to attend, including Telestrian execs. And Zagrius Kincade, the mayor of Puyallup.

They also found information on the emergency plans and staff uniforms through a databroker, and paid a SIN forger and added the SINs to the casino's housekeeping schedule.

The whole hotel was more or less off limits, as it was booked solid for the upcoming private event, but Purple had confidence he could get on the guest list for access that staff might not have, and Flintlock and Black Witch were to infiltrate as staff.

Purple started arranging uniforms while they discussed how to get the box in. Flintlock suggested a classic: A laundry cart. The staff entrance, after all, would have less scrutiny. Purple suggested a hand-off, to which Flintlock figured they could turn down his room while disguised.

Though magic came up, it ultimately was deemed too risky. Flintlock also suggested a luggage cart, but they ultimately decided to move it in with a delivery of supplies, transfer it to a linens cart, and deliver it when turning down the room.

Purple arranged for a delivery van to show up, they planted a stealth tag, and the inside crew got into uniform.

Flint called Simon for a drop off, and he smoothly drove them to the employee entrance. Flintlock and The Black Witch walked in "walked in without any issue."

(at this point Terra and Allarionn went into a private voice channel for discussion :|)

Black Witch located the briefcase using the stealth tag registered to her commlink, in a box labelled "bathroom tissue."

Flintlock mentioned that room 544 was "low on bathroom tissue." With advice from Purple, they strode with confidence and purpose at a brisk, but not suspicious pace, blending in with the rest of the staff. On the elevator, another team was riding up to the 10th floor.

They knocked on the door, saying "housekeeping," entering the room, and quickly scanning the room for cameras. Opening the box of bathroom tissues, Flintlock palmed the briefcase, subtly shielding it with her body while The Black Witch assisted with running interference.

With the briefcase delivered to Purple's room, their job was finished... Except a pair of suits was standing in front of the doorway, elves the both of them.

The Black Witch asked "Is there a problem?" in Sperethiel.

"The quieter you come with us, the less of a problem we have."

"I-I think we should go with them," quivered Flintlock, selling that she was just scared for her job to the suit.

"We just have a few questions for you. You don't have to worry about your job."

The Black Witch continued to give Purple updates as they were escorted to the main elevators, noting that this one had additional buttons: And 11th and 12th floor. One of the suits pressed the 12th floor.

Purple began moving up the stairs, hoping to intercept the elevator. He sprinted over, slamming the button on the 8th floor.

With a *ding* the elevator doors opened, revealing another elf in shades, a dark suit, and nondescript face. He stepped in, greeting the occupants in Sperethiel.

He schmoozed them, convincing the suits that Flintlock and The Black Witch were a part of Kincaid's entourage. They had some criticism at the lack of informing Mr. Rouge, Purple deflected by stating they had reasons, and heavily emphasizing Kincaid would prefer to keep his privacy.

They released Flintlock and The Black Witch to Purple, but under the condition that they would still need to be questioned, and to inform Mr. Rouge.

He turned to the others.

"I think we should get out of this casino."

"You sure you want to leave the case where it is?"

Purple reluctantly agreed that they could leave it in Kincaid's room.

They returned to the room, rebooting their gear to make sure there were no marks, then The Black Witch cast shapechange on herself and Flintlock.

The girls got naked, putting any gear that wouldn't change with them in a bag for Purple to carry out with him.

"Enjoy the eye candy, Purple"

"I could turn around, give you some privacy..."

As birds, they took off from the balcony, flying away as fast as possible. Looking back, Flintlock saw something flying from the casino towards them. They split off, attempting to shake the pursuer by flying close to the ground.

Flintlock shook off the spirit, while The Black Witch dodged a firebolt, shaking the spirit and rejoining Flintlock and landing on Purple's car. He also reconvened, and the girls got clothed.

Two of the Reibubeibi passed by in a Gladius, with gangers on bikes, but they didn't seem to notice the team or the car.

They made their way to the airfield, into the ashy wastes near Mt. Rainer. Purple identified the sewer system would be a good method of ingress, and, leaving Dokkalfar who had just woken up from their nap behind, began navigating the sewer. They moved through generally safely, with Purple and TBW navigating and Flintlock helping analyze the safe path.

The ground crumbled beneath their feet. Purple caught The Black Witch, while Flintlock fell. Purple and TBW showed some concern for her, and she climbed out using her grapple gun, causing another shift in the earth but not causing another cave in or sinkhole.

They eventually got to where their best guess of the airbase was, coming across a ladder bolted to the wall leading to a manhole cover.

Thinking about where to leave the case, Flintlock wondered if they could perhaps leave it in a location that would collapse the sewers, destroying the runway above them. TBW shapeshifted into a snake to check where under the base they were, curling around Purple's arm so he could poke her through the manhole cover.

Meanwhile, Flintlock searched for structural weaknesses that would cause a collapse, but couldn't find anything. Purple tried to use his demolitions experience to no avail.

Instead, he went up the ladder and snuck the package next to one of the hangars.

They made their way back through the sewers, though the ground felt significantly less stable, causing it to take longer. At around 2 a.m. they made it back to the car and Dokkalfar. Purple revved the engine, and they took off into the night.

They contacted the Johnson, and reconvened with them for the payment. This time, there were two more elves, a female in FBA and a haggard male with concrete dust on him.

The female gave an offhand insult towards their competence in Sperethiel, causing the whole crew to frown. A spitting match almost started as the two groups argued their competency, when Dokkalfar interrupted with a loud clap of their hands, simply demanding pay.

With money in hand, they walked off, none the wiser of the consequences of their actions.

Post game notes:
    - Buy a disguise kit (https://www.reddit.com/r/Shadowrun/comments/5a7hra/how_to_use_disguise_skill/)
    - SIN forger contact, and upgrade SIN?
    - Run rewards: Y34,000, 3 Karma, KS: Sperethiel 2 -> 3
    - 750 expense (SINs)
    - Chip on Komon
_______________________________________________
Solo 1: Blazing Arrow
2025-07-02
GM: erisian5
Players:
Pon Pon (Myself) as Flintlock

After the success after her last job,

How she feels about the job: Elation or euphoria at having finished a job with Purple
Favorite and least favorite thing about where she lives:
    She likes the security of the location, being a gated community with privately managed security
    However, the traffic has been irritating her
How does she get along with her neighbors
    She keeps to herself. Not a negative reputation, but people know not to ask to borrow her lawn mower

She sat in her garage, dismantling her new AA-16, thinking about asking Mash for some advice.

She gave him a call, and he approved of her dropping by. Then, put together her gear.

Realizing her Pressure would certainly not pass muster, she instead grabbed her rifle, and threw on her Big Game Hunter as a cover story of hunting in Redmond.

She passed through the checkpoint into Renton, and made her way into Redmond with ease, along the Avondale Road to Bangers 'n' Mash, the shop of almost 10 years.

Pulling up to the shop in Avondale, she noticed an unusual lack of foot traffic, pulling up to Mash's beat to shit Americar, pulling her gear out, and sending it on its way.

She then walked around to the front, entering the shop.

They chatted it up, Flintlock telling Mash how the run went and talking how to improve the recoil. They also shot the shit about a pop up clinic in Bargain Basement, the Safe Seattle Initiative, etc.

She heard slight ticks or pops from outside the store, and her ears wiggled. She racked her brain for what it could be, thinking most likely pebbles on a window.

She checked outside, and saw an AR sign that wasn't there before. "Due for reclamation under order of the Redmond Reclaimers."

Mash was angry, the angriest Flintlock had ever seen him. He smashed the Tag that was producing the sign.

Flint looked up and down the street, seeing nobody, as Mash activated his defensive turrets.

"You uhh... Expecting a firefight?"

"You better get outta here."

She quickly reassembled her gun, berating Mash for not calling her if this happened often.

"Draesis, Mash, I gave you my number. You should call it more often."

"It's called being a Trog."

"It's called being a friend."

Hearing cheezy metal music, and the sound of an engine, and Mash moved to check the door.

"Tech, that's 14 guys."

12 of them appeared to be wearing simple clothing, wielding clubs, and 2 wearing medium weight security armour, carrying shotguns and potentially stun batons. She also saw two more driving the truck.

Mash slammed a panic button as his turrets popped, closing the doors.

With resignation, Mash mentioned he could let her out the back. Instead, she asked about the roof.

He told her to get there, and she took off before he was finished speaking.

"Look in the blue painted wall for something hidden up there. They're gonna need breaching charges to get in here!"

"Not from the roof they don't!"

She ran through Mash's living area, and made her way onto the roof, running low up to the ledge of the balcony.

Seeing the blue wall he mentioned, she spotted a small electronics panel. Remembering the mag key, she waved it in front. With a beep, the wall slid down to reveal a high caliber HMG. She didn't recognize the make, but saw Gas Release, a Tripod, shock pads, and a large magazine.

She set up her guns, putting the tripod up and setting her AA-16 next to it, then taking up her rifle in her hands.

Looking out, she spotted four more in the bed of the truck.

She waited until they were in a confortable range, and domed one of the first intruders. They spread out, and the Gopher began revving its engine. Flintlock loaded an explosive round as the driver gunned it towards the shop. She took the shot, aiming at its engine.

The bullet penetrated the hood, exploding in the engine block utterly disabling it.

Flintlock dropped her rifle, pulling out her monocole and setting up her smartgun.

Misjusding the distance, Flintlock aimed downrange and waited... and waited... and waited...

And finally fired a 3 round burst. And another. And another.

She then heard a loud boom from the rear of the building, the exact sound of a breaching charge.

She finished off another goon, then got an SOS from Mash.

She dashed over the roof, leaping over the banister down the stairs. She flicked her gun into FA and let a burst out, most of the rounds bouncing off the security armour of the two goons who were busy stun batoning Mash into oblivion.

Seeing her rounds not doing much, and dodging the return fire, she loaded APDS.

Then took the next three rounds to the chest, returning fire with much deadlier rounds.

The other pulled a real SIN, broadcasting a LoneStar ID.

"Are you fucking crazy? You just tried to kill a cop!"

Flintlock dropped the barrel of her gun.

"Should have showed me that before you attacked a Knights Errant contact!"

The Lone Star officer reciprocated.

"Figures you'd be working with this Trog. But he's gotten too big for his britches. So, what next?"

"That's for the Knights to decide, not Lone Star."

"Well, still. What next?"

"Frag off. We're working on a need to know basis."

"Looks like you're blocking the only exit."

Flintlock wordlessly slid across the desk, opening their path out the breach.

They sidled out of the breach, as Flintlock similarly moved to Mash. She hit him with a Stim Patch.

He burst up with a shout, "FUUUUCK!"

"Did we get 'em"

"Had to name drop the Knights. Bossman won't be too happy."

She sent him an AR: "Pretending to be KE"

Mash began to deny the illegality of the shop.

"As long as you keep working on *that* job there's no problem. But there won't be a second chance. Keep your nose out of Lone Star's drek."

She sent him another AR to allay his confusion: "Just stay quiet, don't know if they're still listening."

"Know any good street docs?"

She escorted Mash back to his car, and left her to stop any thievery from occurring.

When he returned, she asked him about what the Lone Star officer said.

She offered him a deal: To fix the problem.

After making a deal--to solve racism for 1 million nuyen-- she left the shop. Doing a sweep, she saw more tags from the The Redmond Reclaimers, condemning the store further.

She noted the Reclaimers, and the Officer Albert Gott who had shown her his SIN.

"Albert Gott. This one's for you."

She loaded an explosvie round.

Post Session Notes:
    - Electronic Firing could be added to AA-16
    - Shock pad could be added to AA-16 for free recoil
    - Popped betakami (1 beta, 2 kami), already calculated on main sheet
    - Mild Betameth addictions
    - 1 Gel round (rifle)
    - 1 Ex round (rifle)
    - 18 Gel round (shotgun)
    - 6 APDS (shotgun)
    - Run Rewards: Common Sense quality; +1 Con (6 refund Karma), KS Corporation: Lone Star, 1 Chip (Mash)
_______________________________________________
Game 3: Come The Revolution, There Will Be No Resurrection For You (Part I)
2025-06-28
GM: swimmer117
Players:
drbraddock as Purple the Muscle/Face
Pon Pon (Myself) as Flintlock the Muscle/Face
demonsunshine as Dokkalfar the Technomancer
foreverjester as The Black Witch the Mage

Forwarded job by fixer. After their response, they were given an address in Snohomish, pointing to a "João's Foreign Import Mechanic"

As soon as she got the notification, she hopped in her FunOne, setting GridGuide to take her to Snohomish.

Still, with traffic she was going to be an hour late, arriving around the same time as Dokkalfar.

She spotted an LS patrol car pottering around, but he gave them no trouble.

Seeing either a short elf or a tall dwarf, Flintlock gave a casual greeting in Sperethiel, to which Dokk replied with a native, but German, timbre.

With all 4 present, they linked DNI... And found Flintlock didn't have DNI. She used her usual AR kludge.

Shortly after, a dwarf walked into the room. His mouth twitched slightly at the sight of them.

He spoke in a German accent. "So you're the team of couriers my friend hired."

After some questions from the team, he lead them into the garage, which was devoid of any equipment like the prior room.

He pulled three modestly sized briefcases out of the office, telling them to drop each of them off at locations in Pullayup.

"It's important these are delivered in a timely manner, preferably before tomorrow morning."

When questioned why he needed Shadowrunners, he deflected, saying his colleague was busy.

He invited them into the office, closing the door to activate a white noise machine to mask their conversation.

He told them more about the job, reiterating the location, then turning on a trid showing a map of the Seattle metroplex, zooming to the locations of interest.

He looked at the three elves, mentioning Ancients and Laesa were likely OpFor, as that was who the job was against despite the two groups being at odds with one another.

When asked pay, he procured a block of gold, saying they each get three.

The team wasn't happy with that, and Flintlock agreed internally with the Black Witch's concerns about civilian casualties.

Dokkalfar also briefly switched the conversation to German for a question.

After they decided to take the job, Dokkalfar took one last push, mentioning that as Runners they needed information, and if any info was witheld and things went wrong, guns and bullets were their only recompense. This caused the Johnson to fold.

"I don't know my friend anymore, and I like his new friends even less."

Legwork:
- The Big O
    - Bar that has a "particular patronage" that need to no longer have access
    - Neutral ground between the gangs of Pullayup and even Fort Louis
    - A Laesa/Ancients meet is scheduled for tonight
    - Watching the bar camera feed, Ancients picked the second door on the left
- An airfield by the border
    - Typical smuggler spot
    - Used by "people who are acting against the cause"
- The Black Lotus Casino
    - Just north of the Big O
    - Owned by an ally of the Johnson
    - Rumor of really shady things
    - Established himself in Pullayup and has higher ambititions
    - Local gumi works in other fields, the colour scheme seems to imply Triad, though they don't have a prescence in Pullayup
    - Laesa however do have a presence

After casing Big O, Purple and Flintlock began their assault. He lent her his RPC, and they approached, passing an Ancients patrol roaring around on their Harley's.

A basic fence surrounded the Big O, keeping the squalor of Pullayup out. Trash, feces, maybe even a body.

With no second floor windows in sight, they began moving for the second floor door, gathering debris to get over the fence.

Flint fired her grapple gun at the roof, and they easily climbed up, then Purple picked the maglock.

They descended the stairs, creeping past the Ancients in the main room as more Ancients showed up outside, overhearing their four way argument, accusations being thrown at the bartender regarding his professionalism among other insults.

Purple made a bit of noise getting an access panel off to hide the bomb, Flintlock strained her ears but nobody was approaching the room. As they resealed the panel, Dokkalfar spoke over the micro tranceiver:

"Drek, their firewall made me."

Dokkalfar bought them a few minutes, and the inside team began their exfil through the rear door, since some Ancients were moving towards the roof. Purple shot looper rounds to fool the cams, and they jumped the fence. Flint got caught on the fence, but Purple lubed her up and they were on their way.

She changed her gloves, to get a better grip on things, and cleaned up once they reached the car.

END PART 1

Postgame Notes:
    - Trode patch (important for DNI)
    - Basic BNE gear
_______________________________________________
Game 2: Problems with Running a Train
2025-06-12
GM: allarionn
Players:
clara8787 as Freak12 the Technomancer
s_jeru as Agent X the Face/Driver
sora9567 as Esteem the Mage
Pon Pon (myself) as Flintlock the Muscle
with special guest drbraddock as Hotshot the Rigger/VTOL guy

(in media res)

Objective to acquire goods on a moving bullet train. That can move from Seattle to LA in 2 hours.

After the meet, we went to LA to plan and board the train. We have to intercept a package en route from Dallas to Atlanta.

We pick up as the train is pulling away from Dallas, at about 8:00 in the evening. Hotshot shadowed the train in his VTOL.

The team intercepted the package, and Agent X acquired the package in the oversized compartment. And found a bomb, with 5 minutes 47 seconds on the clock.

Esteem, leaving the dining car near the front of the train, noticed "shaped charges" connecting the front of the train.

Hearing from Agent X, Flintlock and Freak began moving to the rear of the train. Freak, with permission, climbed on Flint's back.

Suddenly, comms exploded--Hotshot had gotten hit. Clear as day, he was gone.

Flintlock, exhausted, powered through despite the difficulty her weak arms had carrying Freak while Esteem examined the bomb through Agent X's image link.

As Agent X moved away, Flintlock and Freak considered notifying the authorities using her knowledge of law enforcement, when the jammers on the train fired.

Flintlock went to move to the next car... And the button didn't work. She frantically pressed it over and over.

"Drek"

She began rifling through her bag, pulling out a micro tranceiver. Relaying what Freak told her... Nobody responded.

She cursed at her team in Speretiel, "Does nobody have a fragging tranceiver?!"

Spotting a panel, Freak told Flint to shoot it open. She reached over and opened it using the handle that Freak hadn't been able to see amidst the chaos.

Flint, meanwhile, was sprayed in the face with purple tracking dye.

"At least it matches my hair..." she muttered, taking her glasses off to clean them as Freak accessed the UDP and opened the doors.

(Intimidation and leadership may be necessary skills lol)

Freak asked if Flint could open a secured hatch from inside the train. Flintlock, needing to pull out her gun, had a contigency for this...

(Flashback to their dingy safehouse in Dallas)

Sat on plastic furniture, they were discussing the plan.

"If I'm gonna pull out milspec weapons, I could use a SIN..."

The team were putting together disguises. Flintlock managed to apply everyone's makeup professionally, even turning Freak into a normal person.

Flint also picked up a burner SIN (Kyoko contact, Burner SIN, Rating 4, 6 licenses, issued by MCT) as a Petrovski employee.

(End flashback)

Flintlock took control of the situation.

"Transit authority! Everyone remain calm, the situation is under control."

Swapping her rifle for a magazine loaded with explosive ammo, she began clearing the civilians from around the hatch.

As she did so, the PA announced "Everybody is to remain in their seats. This train is under control of Alamos 20k."

It was a terrorist threat.

The train car exploded with noise, but Flintlock shouted louder.

"They'll take this car over my dead body! I'm here to protect you, so get down and get out of my way!"

She popped a hole in the maintenance panel for Freak, then returned to overwatch, putting on her forearm guards and popping betameth.

(Addiction test: 11-9 = 2 bonus dice, addiction type both so LOG + WIL = 7, rating 3, 3 successes)

+2 Reaction, +1 Intuition,

Meanwhile, Esteem sealed the front car while Freak took control of the host from the undercarriage. Freak began negotiations while Agent X finally managed to reconnect with part of the team.

The team talked a lot about what to do next, eventually settling on a plan.

Flintlock reloaded, prepping two mags of explosive ammo, and moving with Agent X to recover their longarms. (shooting 1 more hatch)

She set up with her rifle to take out the guard in the rear from two cars away. With perfect timing, waiting for the train to reach a straight piece of track, Freak opened the door and Flintlock send a round downrange, instantly killing the lone terrorist.

"Beautiful work. Time to move on to the next phase," said Agent X.

After the frazzler god (Esteem) frazzeled, he told them to prep for ingress. Then he solo cleared the next car.

Agent X opened the door and they engaged. Agent X lay down suppressive fire, while Flint fired a 3 round burst and Esteem's spirit bent metal behind them to close off retreat.

A goon tried to grab Agent X, who dodged, and fire came back. Flint took a single shot, then returned fire, downing the enemy suppressing them.

Flint took another hit, knocking her down, while Agent X took another goon out with his Ares. She took another shot from the ground with her rifle, but her wounds were getting to her and she missed.

As Esteem cleaned up from behind, Agent X took out the second to last goon. Who reached down and pulled the pin of a grenade.

A flashbang went off.

Agent X cleanly avoided any effects, while Flint nearly passed out. She took a single shot, hitting the goon, as she retreated.

With HTR en-route, Flint shut her Docwagon bracelet off as the team prepared for exfil, while Freak spoke with the MCT controllers.

They limped into a town near Dallas, rented a room and cleaned up at a motel. "Just got back at Burning Man" Agent X quipped.

In Dallas, they made the handoff with a nervous Johnson, who was pleased the team got a way clean.

"There's a story there, but I don't think I wanna hear it."

Postgame:
    Pay for SIN (1480)
    Some form of grenade + throwing skillz?
    Gun lacks power
    Flint lacks dodge/soak
    Fix ammo (including fired explosive ammo)
        2 explosive shotgun rounds (hatches)
        1 explosive sporting rifle round (rear guy)
        3 explosive shotgun rounds (3 rd burst)
        3 more (3 rd burst)
        1 explosive sporting rifle round
        1 explosive srr
    30k¥ - 1480 = 28520, 9 Karma, 1 Chip on a contact (gun runner, Mash) KS: MCT
    Crash: 5 physical
_______________________________________________
Game 1: Something something theft auto
2025-05-24
CSR: Seraph
GM: Penne42 (Penny)
Players:
arcanecandelabra as Hyperlink the Technomancer
Fancy Rat as Fancy the Rigger Adept
Pon Pon (myself) as Flintlock the Muscle

Legwork
- Swapped sniper rounds for sporting rifle rounds through contacts (GM approved)
- Drop seemed clean
- Car may be on LoneStar records
- Flintlock considering setting up on the bridge over the impound, but garage makes that less relevant
- Contacted Jade about any flaws, she mentioned astral security, one of the guards carried a keycard
- Had Simon drive her to the Impound Lot to rizz up a guard (she owes Simon 50 nuyen), didn't rizz well
- Cased the joint on the walk up
- Guards have badges
- Some auged, all armed and armoured
- No chemseal visible
- About 15 total, looking into the building from outside
- Bollards blocking the driveway
- Drone egresses up the building
- Two spirits, focused on upper halves
- Slight sightline if the door were opened from the raised road behind
- On ingress (walk in from the front?): 
- SIN will be checked, going into building full of forensics and lawyers would require extreme precision to bypass the checks
- Whatever face used is going to be spotted by all the cameras, but needs to match the face on the SIN
- Walking out the door with the car is near impossible, too high risk to even use this to case the place
- Garage analysis
- Not much lower than 3 floors down, between 1-3
- Impound likely towards the back/bottom
- Service/cargo elevator internal, central elevator shaft, two stairwells/fire exits on opposite sides

The Plan:
Lael John Sinner
Steal the keycard
Sneak in the fire escape
Steal the car
Profit

The Run:
Flint slept in, forcing the team to get the keycard themselves. She woke up to many angry messages from Hyperlink. They less than social Technomancer and Rigger did their best by the seat of their pants. The group reconvened, ready to engage. Hyperlink said "it's decking time" and proceeded to deck everywhere, while team F snuck up and entered through the fire escape. At the bottom of the stairs, two floors down, they heard two people having a conversation, about two meters away from the door. Flintlock sneakily opened the door, set a gas grenade down, and let it rip. They heard three thuds, then moved through the door, picking up the grenade casing, seeing three Lone Star officers on the ground. The car of interest was dead ahead, plain as day. Flintlock began moving the bodies out of the way of any cameras, which could see the guards after the runner team was finished, while Fancy got to work on getting the car moving. She couldn't make heads or tails of the electronics, forcing them to search for the key--taking 20 minutes. In the background, a Spider engaged with Hyperlink, who began opening the gates and preparing to crash the LoneStar host. Her sprite slammed the host, and... It did not go down. To Flintlock and Fancy, they only hear "the way is clear" before she drops offline. Fancy drove them out, and Flintlock immediately wanted to check on Hyperlink. Fancy began driving toward where she had parked her car, "Pinto." Fancy asked what to do next, to which Flintlock suggested just making the drop. Flintlock arrived just in the nick of time, shoving Hyperlink in the Valkyrie module moments before death.

+27,000 Nuyen + 8 Karma + chip on Komon + Law Enforcement Procedures 2->3