- Nitro addiction test (Both, R9, T2)
- Low ettiquette
- Remember to reboot more often (complex action)
- Remember to take Cereprax

----

Game 9: Beware Banal Things
2025-11-24
GM: solonisonomia
Players:
Kifaru_KE_1964 as Chef, the... Chef? Hope he knows how to use a gun...
fragrantvagrant as Janet, grandma who knows how a comm works
swimmer117 as Babylon, Well spoken mage.
Myself as Spitfire, the Quebecois Rigger

They got the message 24 hours before the meet at Club Penumbra, where a Ms. Johnson would be waiting for them. Remembering it was a touch more upscale than her usual haunts, Spitfire put on something nicer than her greasy jumpsuit. Black denim pants, and a nice shirt underneath her usual armoured jacket and clashing ballistic mask.

Spitfire looped in Janet and Chef on a DNI asking if either of them needed a ride. Janet wanted to take her new car for a spin, while  Chef still had yet to acquire a vehicle and gave Spitfire a location in downtown. Babylon contacted Spitfire and he looped them into the commcall, where they asked the team to introduce themself. They recognized Janet and Spitfire's reputation, asking Chef for more details. With that out of the way, Babylon also asked if they could have a ride, and Spitfire planend a route down the 520 to hit Bellevue on the way to the meet as well.

Arriving, they came across Janet in her new Trollhammer, being held up by the bouncer for not meeting dress code. Her outfit was simply too far out of date. Babylon offered him some 'special services,' a complete lie, but it let them through. Janet echoed her words:

"Thank you handsome."

Ms. Johnson was waiting for them in room 4. Babylon shut down Janets attempts at conversation as they entered the room, seeing a well dressed woman waiting for them, thanking them for their prompt arrival. She described the job: A person needed extraction, potentially from an extraterritorial area depending on when the extraction took place. They were in Seattle, and would have a typical armed escort. The timeline was 48 hours.

Babylon dug into the nature of the extraterritorial nature of the job. The Johnson explained the target wasn't permanently in extraterritorial territory, and to Janet's question would be a willing extraction. The team discussed the million Nuyen position, with Chef wondering if they could ask who the J was working for. Babylon and Janet mentioned it would be impolite to ask those sorts of details before taking the job, and Spitfire quipped to just allow the Face to do their job and talk the Johnson up. They opened and 30k, and the Johnson counteroffered with 27k. Babylon tipped their glass after a brief DNI conversation: "You have a team, Ms. Johnson."

She dimmed the lights and showed them a Dr. Pierre Fuhrman, with Docwagon. Not too happy with the arrangement with Omnistar. She placed an ARO at a location, telling them to contact her when the target was ready for transfer. She gave them a dossier, mentioning that he had worked in various Docwagon facilities and clinics in Bellevue. Not awakened. Docwagon and Lone Star were the expected opfor. As a trauma surgeon, responded to more drastic injuries, not day-to-day. He had a relative degree of freedom, but would always have eyes on, especially for unexpected movements. He lived in a personal, not corporate, residence. Trying to figure out if another group would be interested lead nowhere, leading Spitfire to think another team might appear.

As Babylon interrogated the Johnson, Janet tried to chum up details on their target over the Matrix, finding nothing. With their questions exhausted, Babylon concluded the negotiations by taking the J's contact information. Spitfire had the car meet them in front, as Babylon waned philosophical about maybe getting a membership to the Club, since Natalya might like it.

Janet dove into the Matrix while Spitfire introduced a possible extraction plan: Since Bellevue was along the water, they could use his boat to sneak them out via the water, which Chef remembered. Babylon asked if the team thought the J worked for EVO. She called up her contact at EVO but didn't get anything out of it. She called another contact, determining that Dr. Furhmann was a "cautious experimenter" when it came to chemical fascination. Babylon then summoned a spirit, that located Dr Fuhrmann in the hour, on top of the Space Needle.

They sure as hell weren't going to be extracting him from there, but Spitfire mentioned he could deploy a drone to pursue. He began driving them to the space needle. Along the way, Babylon suggested using an illusion to initiate today, but Spitfire was averse to using the Mercedes on runs after the near miss previously. Chef also asked if Babylon could make physical contact, to which they responded they would need a minute to change their face.

Nearing the space needle, Janet came back with some information: He used an automated car service, lived single in a AAA zone, and went to Lone Star facilities occasionally. He frequented high class restaurants and parties, but didn't have any long term relationships. Babylon was interested that he was single, but Spitfire was interested in if they could impersonate the car service, but realizing it was run by Docwagon using spare fleet vehicles dashed the idea.

Janet unfortunately couldn't answer whether he would be attracted to Babylon. She wanted to pose as an escort, but Chef was against that tack instead suggesting she go simply as an attractive woman. Spitfire also suggested explicitly mentioning the extraction. Approaching the Needle, Spitfire switched on GridGuide to better blend in with Downtown traffic, while Janet dove the host to get Babylon a reservation in the Eye restaurant.

The task seemed challenging, as Janet had to switch in and out of AR and VR, using up her spirit's tasks. She even struggled to summon a second spirit before successfully setting up a Garbage-In Garbage-Out before telling Babylon to call and ask them to check the reservation list.

"Hi, I made a reservation a while back, my name is Koi Dullahan?"

"Yes, a moment... Yes, you have a reservation for tonight. Late, it seems."

Janet passed out moments later. "Nothin to it."

Spitfire dropped "Koi" off in front of the restaurant, the black Mercedes and her fancy dress complementing the "rich girl" look. Spitfire looked at Chef: "Looks like you're on your own. Just plug in if you want to change the GridGuide." before passing out in VR to control the Fly Spy.

Entering the restaurant, Spitfire ran a scan, marking their target on Babylon's AR feed. He was moving to leave, so Babylon seductively intercepted, catching his attention, then sneakily casting influence to get him to talk to her. He slowed, then changed direction to talk to Babylon, asking "Who are you? I haven't seen you before."

While Babylon chatted up the mark, Chef DNId the team that he had noticed a few out of place figures: Two bouncer looking types, and a group of women that looked combat experienced and slightly out of place. Spitfire jumped back, circling the car to the back and identifying a loading dock that could be used as an egress.

"So, we getting this guy now?" Babylon asked.

"Another team will if we don't. I fragging knew there would be another team on this job, Tabernac."

The team discussed how to even convince Mr. Fuhrman out the back way. Spitfire pondered aloud "how well does the average runner take a car to the chest?" Janet shared that the team was lightly augmented and didn't appear awakened. The team weighed their options, settling on doing their best to take him out back; Babylon could try something drastic if necessary.

Babylon set the hook, using their knowledge of Mr. Fuhrman's "professinal teetotaling" to insinuate she was the same. He insisted on using his own vehicle, and Babylon asked if she could ride with him. Janet also mentioned she could use a spirit to mind control him to get into the car. She navigated her spirit to the elevator, trying to Influence Mr. Fuhrman. Babylon noticed that he was acting a little strange after that, likely having resisted the spell.

Shortly after, Spitfire noted the bodyguards began to move. Babylon asked if there were any cameras, and Spitfire jumped back into the Fly Spy briefly. The team were going to wait and see what was going on, unsure what, if any, the other groups' actions would be.

The guards intercepted once Mr. Fuhrman, holding back Babylon for a moment. Shortly after, the girls made their move. As expected. Spitfire gunned the engine, jumping the curb and weaving through the crowd as Janet moved to shut down the other vehicle. Spitfire slid the car through the crowd, tyres screeching as he deftly slid up to Mr. Fuhrman, popping open the door and scooping him up. The opposing runners pulled out SMGs and opened fire, the bodyguards going down but returning fire, opting to ignore the unarmed Babylon.

Babylon DNI'd the team "What you are about to see is not real," and cast a high force Chaos World as she began running away from the firefight. Spitfire swooped around, picking her up as well, sending her sprawling across Mr. Fuhrman's lap. Chef, amongst the chaos, began talking to him: "Hey, we're here to pick you up, get you a new job. We mean you no harm, you're safe with us."

Chef began shooting out the window at the ladies, as the bodyguards went down, though there wasn't any blood. Spitfire gunned it back off the sidewalk onto the road, and ripped away. Bullets scratched the paint as they peeled away; Spitfire could sense the density of the bullets: These were shoot to kill. He also detected another vehicle potentially giving chase. Chef, nauseated, leaned out the window as Spitfire mourned their paint. Babylon began calming down  Mr. Furhman, as he asked what was going on in a panic. Janet threw a chalk prep out the window, creating a Physical Barrier, giving Spitfire the opportunity to break away.

Mr. Fuhrman continued to ask what was going on, confirming their suspicions: The target wasn't exactly willing. Janet and Babylon spoke with him, while Janet began turning off any tracking 'ware. Spitfire mentioned he could use a jammer if they like.

"I think if we do that, we'll have HTR on our ass in downtown Seattle." Babylong complained.

"As if we don't already?"

"Please don't make this two for three."

Mr. Fuhrman had many questions about who the new employer was, and Janet waned philosophical about how a AAA would be a promotion. She also took the time to do a matrix search on the Johnson, finally, seeing as Spitfire had saved video of the Johnson's face.

Babylon asked for a stim patch, and Babylon passed one over to her. She then mentioned the employer's name specifically: CrashCart. Despite not knowing. Janet intervened, saying that Babylon didn't know, but the lie slid since Janet corroborated that it was likely a AAA. This relaxed him a little, mentioning he did indeed want out of DocWagon.

Janet and Babylon began arguing over comms, until Spitfire eventually shut them down. Babylon asked if she should contact the Johnson, to which Spitfire responded they already had.

Janet determined that the job was likely for Ares, which Mr. Fuhrman was happy enough with, speculating the kinds of positions--and the positions that could be worse at other places.

Spitfire made sure they lost the tail, and took them to the delivery site.

To do:
- KS Shadow Comm and Smuggling Routes (last game)
- 27,000 nuyen, 6 karma, and 2 Influence.  _ponpon 1 Influence for streaming
- +1 Janet star
- Babylon Rating: "Congratulations on being the most competent on the team."
----

Game 8: Chasing Rabbit
2025-11-23
GM: PageOfWords
Players:
fragrantvagrant as Saguaro, Technorigger Reporter
Intruder4dk as Hardtop, 1000% done with this shit ACR rigger
Myself as Spitfire IIb, Quebecois personified

And Bonus Runner Allarion as Zayka, A mage who just so happens to be a rabbit

A ping came on 2b's comm, saying to meet in an hour at 3:00, with their gear. The location was a garage in Everett. She wrapped up cleaning the boat, then loaded the Merc and set out to make it to Everett on time. A few minutes out, he got a DNI request from Saguaro, asking about a van. Spitfire responded in the negative; Zayka mentioned she would check it out.

She identified what smelled like a hit team of six people, telling the team over DNI. Saguaro voluneered to put a stealth tag on the van and call the cops, calling the J to reschedule. The J called, saying they have run the data, and had good reason to believe they would hit on the way out. They apologized for the situation, saying the pay would be good, and it would be safe to enter via the roof.

Spitfire parked the car a few blocks away, and landed her Dustoff which had been following on Skyguide, transferring to it, under the somber gaze of a parapalegic needing assistance in life. As Saguaro called the police, Spitfire helped draft the message to provoke the reacton they wanted. She snuck the Dustoff onto the roof, doing an excellent job to hide amongst buildings and other drone traffic to conceal their approach, meeting Zayka, as Saguaro drove in through the front door killbox.

A man with a pink motorcycle helmet popped his head out from a hatch on the roof, beckoning Spitfire to enter. Zayka, still invisible, gave him a jump when she spoke. The man's helmet looked painted with house paint, and a pig's snout; his armoured clothes had holes in them showing the armour through.

Spitfire used the drone arm to navigate onto the ladder and descend. She didn't feel as her leg caught on the release of the trapdoor, casing it to slam shut on his fingers and lose his grip. He slipped backwards off the ladder, slamming onto the concrete at the bottom of the ladder, in full view of the rest of the team.

Saguaro offered a hand, which Spitfire initially declined saying the fall wasn't what damaged his legs, but accepted Saguaro and the J's help to carry him upright. The garage seemed like a runner's hideout, with quality gear on the walls and the smell of oil. The bikes she could see lead Zayka to think this was a garage owned by Rabbit Rampage, a group of rabbit themed motorcycle runners.

He introduced himself as Mr. Pig after Saguaro asked if he was a fan of the Roadkill experience, saying he had actually hoped to get Roadkill himself. Zayka asked why they were in the Rabbit Runners' 'house.' In a halting way, belying his inexperience, he explained they had a bit of a situation. Him and Rabbit were on a job, and it had been made. However, the bunker-like garage had a second exit but still wanted an escort. Among them was a Doble Revolution, a Yamaha Kaburaya, a Harley Davidson Scorpion, and Mr. Pig's bike, a Thundercloud Mustang. Apart from his personal vehicle, the bikes were in matching black and blue paint jobs, the scheme of the Rabbits.

Mr. Pig fidgeted a little, popping his visor open. When Zayka asked about a second hit team, Mr. Pig shrugged. When asked about weaponry, only the Thundercloud had any. Spitfire frowned, but Zayka had a point: "Nobody else is climbing back up ladder. Just explain your point."

He explained that this was Rabbit's garage, and there was a secret tunnel she called "the Rabbit Hole," that she had shared with Mr. Pig. If they went according to plan, they would be entirely underground, with a section through the Orc Underground.

Despite Saguaro eyeing up the Doble Revolution, all eyes were on Spitfire and his... lack of leg action. Hardtop pulled out a roll of duct tape: "I might have another solution to that." 

"I haven't had enough Tequila for this..." Saguaro responed, pulling out a flask with his non-dominant hand. The team began picking bikes. Hardtop ran a loving hand over the Kaburaya, seeing as Spitfire would be on the Revolution due to her leg problems, Saguaro would be taped to the chopper, and Zayka riding passenger on Mr. Pig's bike. Hardtop began taping Saguaro to the bike. Spitfire helped her build a makeshift canopy over him with what they could find around the garage, while Zayka searched the matrix for any further information. Insert A-Team montage. Saguaro and Spitfire also mounted their roto drones to the bikes as makeshift weapons.

Rabbit returned, saying she had checked up to the first checkpoint. Explaining the zones of her Rabbit Hole, it started as a tunnel network into the second zone, sewer catwalks, then the back halls of an abandoned mall, and finally to a parkade that connected with the surface beyond Downtown. On the surface of Tacoma, there would be a short dash to where she was meeting her contact. There were gates to breach at each transition point, practically speaking doors, making pursuit difficult for anyone without the security bypass details for each. She would be scouting ahead, everywhere except the catwalks. When asked, she mentioned it was a face to face checkpoint, and given the bounty Rabbit didn't want to be there personally. However, Zayka with her rabbit eared helmet was likely to be mistaken for Rabbit...

Things started to click as to why Zayka was on the run.

With everyone on their bikes, they rolled onto a freight elevator, taking them to a lower level with a steel door to one side with a bar across it. The bar lifted and door opened, revealing a musty old stone brickwork tunnel, barely wider than the bikes. Old refuse and garbage, vandalism and spraypaint, and the like made it like an urban dungeon.

Rabbit took off ahead, asking to take a lead, an AR route showing the team where to go. The team went with Saguaro and Spitfire in the lead, Mr. Pig and Zayka in the center, and Hardtop driving backwards covering the rear. They proceeded quickly down the inconsistent tunnels, passing through wider rooms and narrow tunnels. A message came from ahead, telling them to go off route to avoid land mines, sending them an AR map of the tunnels. With the map, Spitfire came up with a route with Zayka and Saguaro giving input. Saguaro knew that the routes down here changed frequently, identifying the more commonly accessible areas.

Of the two options, Saguaro agreed with Spitfire and Hardtop: Take the tighter of the two routes they shortlisted, and avoid open, more populated areas. Riding down a set of stairs, Saguaro warned the team of a monowire string up in their way, and the team jumped it. 

They took the corner afterwards, spotting a ghoul in a camp chair holding a shotgun. Around him were various dead things, and he started as the team passed. Saguaro spun his wheels in the grime, splattering the ghoul and sending him running for a commlink hanging on a wire, but he missed and dove into cover instead, sending the Meta Link bouncing. Spitfire shut off the gyro, flipping her cocoon upside down, and taking a potshot, hitting and frying it.

Coming up on some Devil Rats, Saguaro slowed down, blasting music in an attempt to make them disperse faster.

They came to another funicular elevator, closed off with an electric fence. The group pulled to a halt, and while discussing what to do, Zayka shot it with a shotgun while Saguaro had a machine sprite he compiled earlier attempt to cause it to malfunction. It, of course, malfunctioned due to the lead it was now full of. The whole funicular began moving jerkily, then an electrical fire started before the lights went out. With the electrics off, Spitfire gunned the engine, driving her bike into the fence gate as Zayka shot out a hinge, smashing through and riding past the flaming funicular.

At the top, there was another more maintained area. Spitfire drove through that one as well. The route took them to a service elevator, which would take them to the transition into the sewers. Emergency power had come on as the team arrived at the elevator, and Zayka investigated, judging it to be as safe as any elevator... So not that safe. She also heard the sound of an engine that didn't sound like Rabbit's. She mentioned that the elevator was offline, to which Saguaro asked if she had pushed the button. She gave Saguaro a look, and then Hardtop went and pushed the button. An AR notificaton appeared, and, Saguaro realizing the device was online hacked it. Zayka finally identified the voices owning the motor she heard earlier: Two disgruntled maintenance workers on a golf cart.

They emerged in a section of the Orc Underground, a residential area nearby extending partially into the tunnel. People were walking by, furniture strewn about, and a nice curry scent from the dinners being cooked. Zayka got off Mr Pig's bike and pushed open the door in front of them. Hardtop handled the startled orcs, as grandma went for her shotgun, she mentioned that they only sought passage. No shots were fired, and Hardtop waved the team through on the way to the Skraacha checkpoint.

Hardtop took point on the social front as they stopped a ways away from the checkpoint. Hardtop found the highest rating commlink in the area, sending it a message requesting passage. They stonewalled Hartop, so Spitfire took the mic, leveraging her cred to enter negotations proper by saying they were on a transportation run. She rolled up to the troll.

"Which one of you is Spitfire?"

He opened his rigger cocoon.

"Je suis Spitfire."

The troll explained they had policies to keep people safe, asking if they knew the principles had bounties. The Skraacha would need compensation.

Spitfire DNI's Mr. Pig: "We got an expense account?"

"If I had more I would pay you more."

Spitfire sighed internally, "Me and my bleeding heart."

"Proceed," he said to the troll, and he told them the price, which Zayka paid.

"Seems my client agrees with that."

"Pleasure doing business with you, and hope to not see you again."

With the way forward clear, they descended into the sewers, in the storm drain section. With two sides, split by the water runoff, they assumed a new formation: Spitfire and Hardtop on the right, With Saguarto taking point on the left, and hoping Zayka would be enough to defend the rear. The whole tunnel thrumbed and vibrated and echoed.

They maintained formation through the turns, and were entering a straightaway when Zayka, Saguaro, and Hardtop heard around six motorcycles approaching from behind. The team wanted to use one of Saguaro's HE grenades, but Mr. Pig was hesitant. Zayka identified four more coming from the front, and, realizing they were being pincered from her detect enemy spell, fired a lightning ball behind them to collapse the catwalk.

"I think it's safe to say it's just four in front of us now."

The team roared towards the assailants, preparing to attack. Saguaro located them on the Matrix, and Spitfire use that to get a target lock on the opponents, bouncing a shock grenade off the wall in front of them into the opfor. Saguaro attempted to do the same with an HE, but misjudged the angle sending it harmlessly scattering far beyond--but still close enough to hit.

Rounding the corner, they saw flaming wreckage of catwalks and other debris, the remains of barricades, and three ghouls still up. Zakya tried to cast a spell, but was literally stunned when nothing happened. Mr. Pig took a potshot, knocking out one of them. Saguaro took out the second, causing the goul to collapse next to the wreckage of his bike, leaving only one capable of returning fire still standing. He lobbed a grenade at them, but they gunned their engines to get out of the way of its landing position. Spitfire gunned him down with a burst of SNS, and they wall rode over the rubble.

Moving forward, their pursuers signatures eventually disappeared. They eventually drove down a side culvert, and arrived at the elevator to the mall. This elevator was different: A wheel-powered winch system. A tyre built into the elevator, powered by driving on top of it, powered the winch.

Zayka heard breathing from overhead, and so she and Saguaro went first to clear the shaft. They discovered a rudimentary grenade trap, and a voice called from above in Or'Zet. Zayka asked Mr. Pig if there was a gatekeeper expected here; he responded in the negative.

"Oooh, you must be those guys. Yeah, this is my elevator now!"

Zayka commanded her spirit to manifest and frag the guy. His screams echoed through the corridor. Then a thud. Then silence. After that, it was a simple matter to bring all the bikes up and make their way to the next checkpoint, this time a back door into a back hallway behind a McHughes with a corporate dint.

Zayka cop knocked on the door, and a voice spoke. "Welcome to McHughes, what's the password?" which Mr. Pig told them. She responded: "Cheezeburger, hold the cheese?" The worker asked her for an order, which was their schtick to get around taking bribes. She gave a ridiculous order, but declined to order any burgers when he tried to upsell them.

Eventually, he opened the door, leading them into the kitchen of a McHughes. Inside was a cacaphony of beeping machines, all run by one tired worker. An elderly woman was assembling all the order on trays. Over the counter, the defunct dining room was empty, to the point where the tables had been removed, and they could make out a single figure in the half-shut down mall outside the restaurant. Despite Zakya wanting to throw all the food away, Hardtop had them package it all in takeaway bags. Including dozens of milkshakes.

They eventually escaped the McHughes, entering the flickering backrooms of the abandoned mall. Now in the mall, they got connection to the outside world, getting a message from Rabbit Rampage warning them the hit squad was set up in the parkade. She suggested finding their own way out of the mall. Saguaro pulled up some plans from the Matrix, while Zayka asked for directions to the nearest exit. She learned that there were exit signs, and that you weren't supposed to drive motorcycles in the mall. Regardless, they now knew that the exit was three levels up, and boldly riding through the mall in full view.

Despite startling some of the few denizens of the mall, they followed as Hard Top took point and "drove casual." Heads turned, but nobody freaked out. It seemed that Hardtop sipping a milkshake did much to put the populous at ease. Even the security guard, who started to go for his gun, did a double take and instead squinted at them. They paraded out the facility without a hint of opposition, the automatic doors bing boonging to allow them back to the surface.

They decided to go fast, on a route open enough to go fast, but still secluded enough. Spitfire took point, leading them out of sight to the drop. A man waiting for them opened a bay door, and they drove into the KSAF building. Mr. Pig revealed then he didn't even have a data lock--just a wireless off implanted commlink. Still, their target was pleased to have the data.

Notes:
    - Skyguide?
    - Disassembly/Assembly on large drones (for GM consistency of keeping in car)
    - -1 Cere (done)
    - -11 SNS (done)
    - -375 Nuyen Troll toll (done)
    - -1 Stun Grenade (Done)
    - Smartlink on Spitfire lmao how does she not (done)
    - KS Smuggling Routes, Shadow Community
    - Ares Alphas are clip fed, restock on 'nades (done)
    - Read Page's news article
    - 6 karma, 2000 nuyen, 2 Inf, the bike (done)

----

Game 7: Plan F
2025-11-06
GM: Solon (solonisonomia)
Players:
kifaru (Kifaru_KE_1964) as Chef, the... chef. Also Ork Adept.
Gregg (pariahic) as Pinky Violence, Smoking Hot FLR Shotgun Muscle.
Defective_Gh0st as Boomslang, who will not be dressed as a vampire.
myself (Pon_Pon_) as Spitfire IIb, Quebecois Pilot Extroidanaire

The terms of the job came in, with the team, a particular parking lot at the border of Snohomish, Bellevue, and Redmond, ASAP. Spitfire figured he could get the helo in there without issue, though not to the Downtown core where Chef needed a pickup.

She landed in the parking lot of the abandoned strip mall, observing the burnt out cars at about 7:30 in the evening, the glow of yellow sodium light and the buzz of electrics. From overhead, she spotted a van that stood out to her, with a person standing outside.

Spitfire set down next to the woman. Spitfire could tell she was anxious as she popped out of the rigger cocoon into the wheelchair her Dustoff had waiting for him. Boomslang was the next to arrive, and recognizing them through the disguise Spitfire gave a nod and small wave. A red Oni was next, and finally, rushing to make the meet, an orc carrying a poorly concealed sawn-off.

With the fourth, the lady began explaining the job. She had people who were hunted, and needed extraction. 30k each. The two orcs began prepping combat gear, while Boomslang listened to the details of the job.

She began describing "Grace" and "Reinhardt" who went by "Teddy" and "Ben" on the street. They were on a job, an old luxury high rise from before the first crash. There was a set of four similar buildings deeper into the barrens, where they had been tracked by a security team. The security team had cordoned off the area. When pressed, she mentioned it was a Fed-Boeng team of unknown size. At least five, likely more if they pulled reinforcements from Everett. The incident started an hour ago. Asked for pictures, two orks, which took Chef took well to. She also gave them a commcode, Teddy's.

It was also likely these were the only left alive on a job went wrong--one they shouldn't have taken. When asked where to meet, she said the parking lot was as good as any place. She agreed that if things went south, Spitfire's plan of dropping them in the Sioux.

When discussing seating, Spitfire figured they could shove the extra person in the Dustoff, or sit on one of the skids with a rapelling harness to prevent them falling off.

With that out of the way, their ingress was planned. Having lived in Redmond, Spitfire recognized the description of the buildings due to the fairly unique road arrangement from the air.

Spitfire took off, taking them up into the cloud cover, then scanning the site with radar and radio scanners on approach. She detected three drones in the area, two medium drones of a similar size to Rotos, and a mini-zepplin lazily floating around. She figured the deployment of it, based on location, was purely surveillance.

That would be a problem. Chef wanted to shoot it down, but Boomslang was against that. Spitfire mentioned he would need to take the helo higher to do an insertion without being spotted, but would make the parachuting difficult. Boomslang made a call to his mage friend to send a spirit to do a survey of living auras, but she wasn't able to identify any particular groups.

Spitfire took another look through his cameras, spotting a flash of something on the higher floor of the southern tower. A light, a fuse, a flashbang, a gunshot--it was hard to tell. Spitfire pointed it out to the team, and Boomslang began astrally perceiving.

Spitfire began piloting his Fly-Spy and Boomslang's Noizesquito towards where he saw the flash. He had to hop back and forth between the two to keep them concealed to his standard of quality. Once reaching the building he split them up, the Fly Spy scanning clockwise and the Noizeqsquito counterclockwise. In doing so, Spitfire noticed ultralight gliders landed on top of every building, but nobody on the rooftops. Analyzing the data coming in with the Noizesquito, she could detect an ops team methodically clearing the building, using low light flashlights or possibly sensors. He didn't hear any ultrasound sensors.

Spitfire did a scan on the Matrix, spotting the comms of the team inside, but no other devices. She gave up on the southern building. Flying the Fly-Spy, a Roto came a bit close for comfort, but he snuck under one of its rotors and got to the East building. Searching, she heard something return on the ultrasound from the elevator stack. It seemed one had a car stuck at the mid-30 levels, which didn't seem right to Spitfire. The Noizesquito found the west building was more consistent with the first--further highlighting the discrepancy. Scanning the matrix, she detected a similar 4 commlinks.

He flew into the elevator shaft to investigate, flying on ultrasound. He found the emergency brake had been recently deployed, based on the glint of metal he could pick up on his cameras. He began looking around, trying to get the Fly-Spy inside. He managed to get one in the cracks, catching the shadowy forms of two trogs.

"Oui! Parfait!"

Spitfire told the team that he had located the two trogs, and the team were fairly convinced. Spitfire had his doubts, but it was their best lead. The team's lack of parachuting experience meant that, after a quick discussion, they decided to go loud: Beeline the tower, take out the drones on the way in, then bum rush the elevator. For a quick backup escape, the rest of the team were wearing parachutes in case they needed to BASE jump. As they spoke, Spitfire began lining up a descent profile.

The rotos lit up the sky as Spitfire buzzed the blimp. Boomslang and Chef took potshots at the blimp. He pulled up over the building of note, and Chef rapelled down. Boomslang shot down the rest of the drones now that his firing platform was stable, then Pinky dropped down and sprinted to the stairwell entrance on her skimmers.

Spitfire deployed her drone as the team jumped what they suspected was some sort of mine or grenade in the stairwell. Pinky took point, and the team began hustling down the stairs. Spitfire began working to defuse the bomb. By shooting it. With SnS. She couldn't see an obvious detonator, and didn't have the skills to defuse it properly, after all.

As the team converged on the elevator, Spitfire switched the Dalmation to APDS, and took a second shot. The sound of the explosion echoed through the whole building. Then a grenade sailed up the stairwell from a lower floor, sending the team scrambling to get away as it detonated at their feet. Spitfire dropped her Dalmation down the center, returning fire with a flashbang of her own. The concussion grenade went off with another bang.

Pinky, literally growling with rage, slid up the stairs on her skimmers, faster than the opfor could track with their gun. She pumped the one in the stairwell with lead from her shotgun, the narrow choke filling him with pellets. He managed to stay standing. Spitfire dropped her drone to the correct floor and began suppressing. Chef showed up and joined the fray, as opfor began unloading on the Dalmation. 20 rounds of whatever ammo they were firing later, and it was unscathed.

Her helo on the other hand took fire from another building, nearly frying its electronics. Pinky dashed into Spitfire's suppressive fire, as Chef finished off the opfor outside. The scary oni lady caught their attention, and the remaining guys shifted fire onto Pinky. Spitfire forcibly pushed himself into the helo, dodging the second hail of fire. He ducked the helo into cover. He caught a glance at a climbing rope going down a floor.

With the suppressive fire no longer hindering the team, Pinky and Chef moved in to take out the remaining two opfor. The third was nowhere to be seen. Boomslang moved to go back to the elevator and got unloaded on, by the third guy who had rappelled behind the team. Pinky and Chef moved in to engage, as Spitfire's drone retreated. With a single, well placed shot, Pinky got in close and took him down, sending him flying into the back wall.

"Eddy! Ben! Whatever the fuck your names are! We're here to save you!" She shouted.

They got out of the elevator, and Spitfire told them to meet on the west side balcony, where he would hand them the rappeling ropes. They hustled the principles to the balcony and began gearing them up with gear. As they did, Spitfire heard a crashing sound.

"Oh Mierde, they did, didn't they..."

Opfor had crashed one of their gliders into a lower floor, and begun firing.

Spitfire turned the helo sideways, sending it into a freefall, pulling the team who were roping up over the edge, then righted the helo to catch them. He blasted off into the night, keeping the building behind them as cover.

She flew off at speed, and half an hour after they left, the landed in the parking lot. The Johnson laid into the principles, but four credsticks came their way with full payment.

Todo:
 - -21 SnS (done)
 - -1 APDS (done)
 - -1 stun grenade (done)
 - -1 Cere (done)
 - 30,000 nuyen, 7 karma, 2 influence, extra 1 influence for PonPon
 - -1 Inf KS Federated Boeing

----

Game 6: Rat in the Pipes
2025-10-26
GM: Solon (solonisonomia)
Players:
drbraddock (Twelve) as Purple, Prime runner super spy
thibbledorfpwen as Avicenna, Medic decker alchemist
myself (_ponpon) as Spitfire, Quebecois rigger

The team were contacted by the Johnson, told to meet in about 4 hours in the evening at the club in Penumbra. They agreed to meet beforehand, to arrive at the same time. Spitfire was a little disappointed, sending "Oh Marde," to the DNI upon seeing Purple.

Purple posted up at a parking lot, with Avicenna pulling up on their Segway Terrier and Spitfire in their Mercedes. Spitfire's fashion senses tingled, telling her to dress better than usual to meet dress code and changed out of his overalls before leaving.

The other team dressed upper middle class, nice shirts and shoes. Spitfire attempted the same, but his shirt was oversized and the casually open tie made him look frumpy and unkempt, and his ballistic mask clashed.

Purple had some warnings about Avicenna regardling the Matrix mess on the previous job, and Spitfire mentioned that he would prefer to not deal with four snipers in RPC this time.

Spitfire tried to sneak her drone past the bouncer, but the bouncer flagged him down saying no heavy weapons in the club. Light and sound assaulted them as they made their way to room #2 to meet Ms. Johnson. Purple's head was on a swivel, clocking colleagues but not mentioning anything of note.

Inside was a fashionably dressed lady. Closing the door, the white noise generator kicked in and the faraday cage sealed. Spitfire pulled into the space open for their wheelchair. Purple matched pace, knowing that the Johnson's paid for the amenities.

She mentioned they needed to "place something" to "exploit security holes." They needed to plant an object within the next 36 hours in a relatively secure facility with armed guards. She already had 18k nuyen ready for each of them, a location, and the device to plant. Purple confirmed the details.

    - Stealth not optional--target cannot know the object has been planted
    - Target not extraterritorial or zero-zero, but also generally not publicly accessible
    - Unlikely to encounter retribution from syndicates or gangs

Negotiating an up front payment and expense account, the Johnson began explaining the locaton in detail. It was a SFC government facility, up on a hill in a less developed part of Downtown Seattle. She had a secure closet in the building she needed a modified data tap attached to. She also gave them a data chip, in response to Purple's question about building layout and security.

The hill the building was on was surrounded by a fence. Though public access was allowed on the first floor, it was only during business hours. Spitfire agreed to be the team bus, as expected, though mentioned their car might be hot in Auburn still. Avicenna sourced some reagents and began performing a Matrix search on the target as they began legwork. Purple's contact gave them the down low on weak points, that there would be a guy on the roof but otherwise air traffic around Seattle meant they couldn't keep a solid eye on the sky.

Spitfire was pleased; she could fly Purple in using the Dustoff, but Avicenna suggested a social infiltration during business hours the next morning. Purple trusted Jack of Hearts' advice, preferring the rooftop approach especially given the top floor was the location of the networking closet. Avicenna and Purple put their heads together, thinking about possible security details, expecting 10 guards, a watcher, and various ground-based drones and Fly-Spys.

Spitfire parked a few km away and did a flyover with his fly-spy. Their ultrasound sensor caught plenty of active scanning, and they picked up two metahuman shapes on the roof, and a strong layout of the drones on the radio signal scanner. The place was kept in darkness, oddly, but Spitfire still deduced two rotos, and a collection of mini or micro drones watching the air.

With legwork done, the team broke for the day, and reconvened the next evening. Avicenna began to hit the host, quickly gaining control of the sensors, while Spitfire expertly navigated his Dustoff through the blind spots in the security net. He dropped Purple off at a good time, when two guards had just passed and were facing away. Purple hopped out and got to work, as Spitfire flew to a more subtle location and, now that opfor ultrasound was down, flicked the Dustoff's ultrasound sensor on to track the guards.

Avicenna opened the door and overflowed a toilet, and Purple entered the facility. Spitfire and Avicenna kept their respective selves hidden as Purple navigated the facility, making his way to the closet. There was a minor hiccup when Purple found some employees getting intimate in the closet, asking Avicenna to cause a distraction.

They hacked a mark one of the employees' commlinks, and found an org chart on the host. With the org chart, they found the employees' were a superior and a report. Finding an HR comm code, they also quickly marked the commlink and one more on the supervisor's.

Purple and Spitfire put their heads together and drafted a scathing HR email in full corporate language regarding inappropriate workplace relationships, and Avicenna sent it from the HR commlink to the supervisor's.

The employee's quickly left, rapidly arranging themselves in a panic. Purple slipped in, running his autopicker on the tumbler on the wiring panel within, and mounting the MacGuffin. He sent a DNI that the objective was complete and to prep for exfil. Spitfire maneuvered the Dustoff into position, and Purple dashed quietly out of the building into it in a gap in the guards' patrol.

Spitfire started peeling away, and searchlights started popping on, scanning the sky. Spitfire deftly navigated out of the airspace, barely scraping past the searchlights. Avicenna did one last cursory search, then derezzed.

The team drove to a bar to celebrate such a clean job over drinks, Spitfire explanining to Purple what happened after he walked on the last job, and both of them attempting to teach Avicenna some French despite the differences between France and Quebec.

To do:
    - -2 cereprax
    - Fix the drone's cams
    - 18k nuyen, 7 karma, +2 inf, -1 inf KS Government Procedures

----

Game 5: Rags are Riches
2025-10-19
GM: rabidanubis
Players:
drbraddock (Twelve) as Purple, Prime Runner Super Spy
penny42 as Euclase, Technomancer
myself (_ponpon) as Spitfire

with guest appearances:
 - foreverjester as The Black Witch, Magical Girl
 - blt6409 as Jack Daniels, Face with a Glue Bomb
 - defective_gh0st as Boomslang, who had the easiest difficult job of his life

Spitfire's chronic pain was flaring up that month. She woke up in a drek mood, but powered through. She also didn't know it, but she was distinctly the newest runner on the team. After a morning in pain, trying to distract herself through her drones, she got a message from Tlaloc at arount 11 a.m. to meet in an hour on a street corner in May Creek. She pulled the car into her living hangar, preparing to go.

She received a DNI from Euclase as she rolled up to a Hyundai Equus waiting with its door open. With some help from her roto, the got out of her Mercedes, and got in the Hyundai.

There was a hitch as a gridguide routine took over, and the front seats spun around to reveal a girl dressed as a vampire.

"Grr! Happy Halloween!"

The team quickly confirmed she wasn't an actual vampire, and though Spitfire didn't recognize her, this was the Johnson known as "Akuma," somewhat new, trustworthy, but also a playful type reputed for creative jobs. She described a company, "ScarySafe." The name rung a bell, but Spitfire's work was really in high fashion, not armoured costumes, so her knowledge wasn't much help. Akuma and Purple began discussing the company, and how she liked their work. A "person" was going to buy out the company, and her client wanted to know why the buyout was happening, and to grab a costume sample or whatever was being handed off.

    - 6k each to grab a sample of the product or whatever makes them want to buy it
    - 3k each find out why this person wants to purchase the company
    - Secondary job once information in hand

The team was dissatisfied with the base pay, so negotated better pay while Euclase and Spitfire discussed infiltration options. She gave a double or nothing offer of 10k each, and mentioned an expense account of 5k. Purple said 10k or the team walks, and she folded.

Once a deal was made, she mentioned that Ares were the company taking interest, and the company was in Covington, Auburn. She mentioned a dinner party to celebrate the acquisition, and that the job needed to be done quickly. Danny Hart, an elf, was the negotiator, and would bring personal security--she explicitly mentioned to not do anything bad to him so as to not start a war with Ares. She also handed over a datachip with her dossier.

After the negotiations, all Spitfire mentioned was to "not expect him to move any heavy equipment."

Euclase did the Joker gun hand, the team discussed the poor pay, and Spitfire's Mercedes pulled up. As they drove around, Purple figured their best option was to hit the Host and have Spitfire send in a drone to physically scout. As they drove to the HQ, Euclase began hitting the host.

Euclase informed the team she was under attack, and Spitfire dropped into VR to assist, though her skills were poor enough that the "help" was unwelcome. She eventually realized this, opting to jack out and focus on driving as more hackers poured in, fueled by their desire to meet a celebrity.

Spitfire reached over to reboot Euclase's comm, and Euclase slapped his hand away.

"Just get out of there, there's too many of them... Tabarnac... There's gonna be increased security."

Euclase then informed the team that she had been traced; Spitfire stepped on it, changing their course then taking off down an alley. As they rounded the corner, Spitfire caught a drone on her camera. Then two. Then, she heard helicopter blades, recognizing a civilian audio signature, likely a news helicopter.

Purple plugged in to a data port, letting Spitfire know that he and Euclase wanted to be let off at the nearest corner. He obliged. Euclase asked to be dropped off in Tukwila, Downtown. Spitfire obliged.

With the team gone, Spitfire picked up a commcall to her fixer, Tlaloc.

"How soon can you get a team off the Hub?"

Tlaloc arranged, getting Boomslang, TBW, and Jack Daniels in the car. Pulling out her white noise generator, she descibed to the team the details of the job. They agreed, so Spitfire drove and began scouting with her Fly Spy. It seemed there was no increased alert; everyone was dressed in costume for the Halloween party at the Halloween company. Pizza and drinks were already open.

Spitfire also spotted, on nearby roofs, someone hard to see--a sniper with an RPC. Four snipers, a few micro drones, all keeping their eyes on the facility. There was also a suspicious unmarked van.

The team began investigating for blind spots, noting that the only blind spot of this Ares security team was inside the building.

The team began discussing the approach. TBW suggested they approach as Wuxing, asking about the acquisition. Boomslang also mentioned they could approach as a nearby Wuxing factory's rep asking about the recent matrix hit.

Spitfire also suggested two ways to get people in: Either fly the helicopter over, and hope one or more of the snipers would look at it, and TBW and Jack Daniels could invite themselves to the party under their Wuxing cover.

As TBW acquired Wuxing SINs, Spitfire scouted inside with her Fly Spy. Searching for the costume in question, she noticed a new type of armoured fabric in one of the outfits being put in a box. They noted the serial number on the box, and its label.

The team confirmed the details: Grab that costume, and the socials left to join the party, and hopefully get Danny drunk.

TBW and Jack Daniels approached the building from a different direction. Spitfire watched them enter, and Jack Daniels went for a complementary costume. In the meantime, they discussed if they wanted to just grab the box. Boomslang noticed one of the snipers shift a little, prompting Spitfire to check for marks, but not finding anything. Boomslang slaved his Noizeqsquito to Spitfire's RCC to give her a look, but also couldn't make out what was agitating the sniper.

TBW began conversing with a similarly costume factory worker, who told them about their advances in price point and generally their technology. The worker seemed willing to talk, but also unsure what they could share. She began pressing, saying she might be interested in the product, but pressed too far and the worker got suspicious.

Jack Daniels intercepted, and managed to distract her from reporting to the higher ups, and started getting a tour from her. She began telling him about the types of fabrics corresponding to tapes. He asked about the white tape, that was on the box they were interested in, which got her talking about the new material. Jack played himself as a new materials scientist, so she introduced him to Joe who could better explain the new material.

Despite another guy saying they shouldn't talk about it, Joe explained the new material: It was a one-time, super strong protection for stopping one bullet really well, following the principles of ablative armour. He gave a deeply technical conversation about a non-Newtonian fabric through Spitfire feeding him various terms from her experience with fashion armour. Joe only talked about the application to Halloween costumes, and Jack prodded him about other applications, causing Joe's face to assume an interesting expression as he realized what he had invented.

Spitfire sent a transcript of what was said to Akuma immediately, as Joe tried to cut Jack in on a deal: Steal some boxes.

Akuma got back to them, offering 6k to destroy the material, and another 6k to bring Joe back with them. Joe did all the diversionary work for them, and Jack helped load a car. They drove away, but the white van was tailing them.

Meanwhile, TBW turned invisible and pulled the fire alarm. Spitfire flew with the full Docwagon procedure for flying in as a preemptive response for a company with a contract. Then a sniper round smashed through the drone.

TBW said "I got the drone, don't worry" over DNI, then went off comms.

Meanwhile, Jack threw a glue bomb, catching it in the axles of the van causing it to flip.

Splitfire then went sicko mode. Over the PA, she screamed curses in French" Mon tabarnak j'vais te dclisser la yeule, clice!" Stick and shock flying everywhere, mag dumping the gun. Three of the four snipers went down as bullets flew everywhere, and Boomslang took out the fourth with his AK.

Meanwhile, TBW used magic to get the broken Dustoff out, and threw it in the car. Spitfire peeled away, meeting up with Jack and Joe. Boomslang helped move the boxes of costumes into his car, while Spitfire rebooted and went over everything with a tag eraser.

They met up with Akuma, who was a little confused at the extra runners, especially given the prime runners.

"Prime runners just aren't what they used to be." was Spitfire's excuse, which Akemi took and agreed with.

Post run notes:
    - Failed illness roll
    - +1 Inf (streaming) (done)
    - -1 Cereprax (done)
    - -1 Edge (done)
    - -42 SNS (done)
    - Chameleon coating on the Merc
    - 22k Nuyen, 6 Karma, 4 Influence (done)

----

Game 4: [CSR] You Can Lead a Boat to water
2025-10-04
GM: swimmer117
Players:
Angel (littleangel) as Svafa the Human Cyber Viking Muscle
Penne (penny42) as Euclase the Human Technomancer
Defective_Gh0st as Keen the Human Investigator Mage

The morning of, IIb was preparing her helo and drones for the job. Low on SNS, she loaded a magazine with APDS for her roto, then moved to wiring the Blight grenade Tlaloc had recommended her to have in case of spirits. It still wasn't quite the level of a professional Coyote, but the turret could come later.

The team rolled up, and 2b tried to make a quick escape to get her mask on, but Svafa caught her and lifted her out of the wheelchair in a bear hug. Spitfire had to quickly activate her voice changer, totally concealing her feminine voice from the rest of the team.

"Yeah, we totally got that is your real voice..." sniped Euclase.

Spitfire lead them to a secure trid room, and slotted the holodisk he had from Tlaloc. He spoke of a Nightrunner that had been recently confiscated by CFS authorities, and was being held in a facility near the PCC border. The location was near Marycopa. Tlaloc would help with the insertion.

The team discussed some basics with Spitfire's limited knowledge, and they agreed to the contract. He pulled out the second data disk and tossed the data disk at Euclase, who was closest to the trid projector. It bounced off her chest, since her hands were in her pockets, so Spitfire flew a drone over to insert it.

This second disk gave them the exact impound lot/station/barracks of the Californian Rangers, southwest of Bakersfield. Around 10 rangers could be expected. The boat had been picked up at an abandoned pier north of Faria Beach, jsut off the 101. Another contact's commcode was provided, to tell them more about the boat itself, and a warning of the CFS/PCC tension.

Spitfire thought back to the comm call he had with Tlaloc to see if there was any other relevant information for the team that had been left out of the two disks. The urgency in his voice came to mind, and Spitfire suspected higher ups were pressuring him, and told the team about the time limit.

He began pre-flight checks, and the team boarded. Svafa gave a very abbreviated explanation of the parachutes at Spitfire's request, and Euclase plugged into an exposed data port to get her machine sprite. Spitfire submitted her flight plan to Tlaloc, which he managed to get through.

Tlaloc also gave Spitfire the locations of some stops along the way for refueling, as the weather wouldn't be playing nice causing a single tank to not last the entire flight. Two were in the Tir, which the team figured wasn't the best place to land with a helicopter full of humans, and so opted for the base near Eureka.

She flew them out of Seattle, into international waters, and turned south towards Cali Free State. Turning in near the contested zone between the Tir and CFS, Spitfire spotted an active border skirmish over the water. Drones were dogfighting in the air, as coast guard-style craft fired deck guns at each other. The craft flying Tir colours had the upper hand. Meanwhile, the burnt-out coastal town on the shore had ground combat, flashes of gunfire and artillery making their way south as the CFS were pushed out.

Keen, at Euclase's request, rightly cast invisibility, as more vessels joined the fight. Svafa noticed that Keen had gone pale, and asked him what he saw. He described to the team a great magic mountain to the east, watching them.

Spitfire landed at the base northeast of Eureka, in Blue Lake. Because of the border tensions, the town was completely abandoned. She buttered the bread on the landing zone Tlaloc had marked, near an old brewery and transportation yard. The nearby shed opened, and drones emerged to pull the helo into the shed.

In the meantime, Euclase finished her matrix search, giving the team info on their target.

"So, team? How do we want to do this?"

"Well, I fly over, shoot rockets, we grab the boat, and leave."

"...so we go loud?"

"...is what I would do if I had rockets. Instead, that's why I have you all."

As they flew over, Euclase began cracking the host to try and gather more intel. Spitfire asked about potential landing sites, while Keen wondered about camera placement and response times. She entered the host.

"Wow, they styled it like an old saloon. Where do you think the landing logs would be stored? The saloon?"

"Mayor's office?"

After some hits, and a couple breaks, Euclase got into a file that let them make note that the rangers had sold the boat as surplus to the State of Seattle, and Keen would be picking it up on Seattle's behalf. The team began discussing how to transport the boat to the water, with Spitfire ruling out just airlifting it immediately due to the size difference.

Instead, she called Flore Carras, the contact in California Tlaloc had given them a commcode for. There was a brief attack on his Meta Link, which Spitfire resisted, then received a call from the number. Spitfire answered to a tirade of Aztlaner Spanish. Asking for a vehicle, she mentioned a slight problem: She was on the wrong side of the border.

Keen took over negotiations from there, seeing as Spitfire's bluntness was never going to get through. With Svafa translating, he managed to strike a deal: Save Flore's friend, Acosador.

"I'll do it for you, but I'm sticking my neck out crossing the border again! So you better get him out. You understand, gringo?!"

They agreed to the deal, deciding to get the boat out first, then rescue Acosador. Flore agreed to meet them just across the border, on the Cali Free side. Keen got the keys, and Flore pulled him close, reminding him of the deal. Spitfire handed Keen her roto to put in the back, just in case, and he was off.

Spitfire, jumped into the Roto, and Keen pulled up to the Rangers facility, seeing their flag, and a couple sports cars, at around 8 p.m. The two rangers out front played ro-sham-bo, and the loser walked up to the truck, grabbing his hat off the car and gesturing for Keen to roll down the window, hopping on the running board.

"Evening. We're closed up for the night."

"I'm here to pick up a boat. If you just let me get that hooked up, I'll be out of your hair."

The ranger got a chirp on his comm.

"Victor Wu, then..."

He scanned Keen's SIN, gave him a long once-over. Keen blinked first, and the ranger asked him to step outside.

"Officer, I understand it's very late. If you see that everything's in order, let's move things along quickly."

The ranger glanced at the SIN scanner, which came up as a match.

"All right then, Mr. Wu. Why don't you come on in."

The truck entered the impound lot, an Victor "activated" the roto to begin helping hook up the trailer. They rolled past a few vehicles: More two seater cruisers, muscle cars with machine guns sticking out of the hood, then into the impound lot proper which had around a hundred vehicles, everything from Jackrabbits and Harleys to GMC Step Vans and a MACK Hellhound.

A pair of orc rangers were on hand to observe the transfer, and spot the trailer. Spitfire took off to help hook up the hitch as Keen controlled the pickup truck's autopilot to back it up. They got the boat out without too much trouble.

As they exited the facility, they saw an unmarked black step van, with a prisoner being transported by another two rangers.

"Soo... What are the odds that that's the guy?"

At that moment, a message came over DNI from Euclase:

"Comms compromized."

At that point, the ranger who was with Keen pulled a gun, citing suspicion with the drone. Keen deflected, saying that it was just given to him by his employer, and they would need to bring any issues up with the Seattle government.

Spitfire began rapidly rebooting everything slaved to her RCC, as Svafa shot down the drone, then shot a round through the cab of Keen's truck. The fire fight continued, and four engines roared around the rear of the compound.

Spitfire gave up on rebooting, launching their drone and mag dumping one of the rangers who were beating on Acosador. As the truck pulled away, Acosador made a break for it, diving into the back, and Spitfire landed her drone next to him before jumping back into her helo.

He told his agent to start analyzing threats as he switched his RCC wireless off, and began dodging the incoming hail of bullets from the rangers' HMGs. Svafa dove for cover as a hail pinged off the armour, while Euclase leveraged her reputation and access to their host to negotiate them to back down.

Acosador made his way into the cab of the truck, and after some tense negotiations involving a gun, he told Keen about a better location to launch the boat from.

Despite his best efforts, bullets pierced the armour of the helo, shocking Spitfire to her core as she was hit by biofeedback for the first time. Still, the rangers backed down, and they made their extraction, taking Acosador to Seattle with them in the boat.

Only Svafa and Acosudor on the boat. He asked to be dropped off at the Aztechnology Pyramid, making a call near arrival. When they arrived, he handing off some sort of hydroponic plant to a group of bodyguards and execs.

When Spitfire got there, he took a long look at the pyramid.

"It was only the boat."

Post run notes:
    - Need to pay lifestyle costs (done)
    - Need to roll Illness check next session
    - Refill ammo (done)
    - Remember to reboot more often (complex action)
    - -1 Cereprax (done)
    - For sure need that new RCC
    - Review in greater detail what devices need to be wireless on/slaved to RCC
    - -10 APDS (done)
    - Helo really needs some weapons tbh, action economy really isn't working
    - Run rewards:
        - BOAT
        - 6 karma
        - 2 influence
    

----

Game 3: Going Fishing
2025-09-18
GM: legionof1
Players:
Fancy as Autumn the PhysAd Centaur Muscle
Bleu as Hellebore, the Techno Hacker/Face
peterr4411 (CoolCatPete) as Dancer, the Elf Mage
Myself (Pon Pon) as Spitfire, the Helo Rigger

The meet was at a specific set of coordinates, near the eastern edge of the Redmond barrens. A brief search found that the location was a bare hilltop, perfect for a landing. Near the southern end of the Skykomish river where it leaves Seattle.

Rolling out of bed as her comm rang, she took her psyche, prepped her helo, and took off, making sure to don his mask before jumping in, and flying into the sunset.

As she approached, in her sensors he detected a person standing at the top of the hill next to a well used firepit, and a woman in nun's uniform at the base. The nun began walking up hill, greeting the elderly human male at the campfire. Next, a panel van pulled up, and a centaur in a sweatshirt climbed out, and finally an elf Technomancer riding in a Noizesquito drone.

The elderly man looked over the team, and at Spitfire's helo. "Only three?"

This prompted Hellebore to introduce themself through the Noizquito speakers.

"Ah, four then."

The man explained the job: A small town in the mountains, where something lent was lost due to the lendee dying. Spitfire, having spooled down the engine, cracked a door to listen.

Hellebore began negotiaton, asking about the cargo, which turned out to be full sized statues, made of mundane stone. Each statue was to pay out 12000, with bonuses. At dancer's question, it came out that a year and a day had passed since the lendee's death, for next of kin to claim them. Autumn dragged out that the local government likely claimed the property. And Hellebore asked why runners were necessary, to which he responded that he couldn't leave Seattle due to "other promises."

Hellebore asked about the bonuses, to which they were offered another 3k for the spellbooks, and another 3k for a special knife. Both of which likely attractive to mundane thieves.

Hellebore asked Spitfire's typical rate, which they truthfully answered around 20k nuyen. This got the Johnson up to that number, and the team agreed to the job.

4 statues, faces of four men he once knew. The old man took out a paper photograph depicting the men around a campfire, so they knew what the statues looked like. He also described the spellbook, showing them a sketch, and the blade, which was silver with a ruby in the pommel. At time of death, they would have all been in the home at Snoos Junction.

He described the small town in the mountains, about 25 miles Southeast of their current location, within Salish council territory.

With the team's silence, the old man bid them farewell, giving them a comm code at Hellebore's request before he left.

Hellebore send a location near the I-90, which Spitfire dispatched a car to. He also explained that there was only room for the team or the statues, not both.

Spitfire's Click picked up Hellebore, and as they drew near, her drone took off to meet up. Hellebore greeted the team.

Spitfire explained their usual method, but the brute force flying under the radar he didn't want to do in case they got spotted, and pursued. He racked his brain about methods to "legally illegally" cross the border. Flying at tree height the entire way after Tiger Mountain, as long as they got past the border it would be possible to get quite close without being noticed.

At egging by Hellebore, Spitfire mentioned they could call a contact of theirs, and phoned Tlaloc. Explaining their crossing, Tlaloc said it would be easy enough to grease a few palms, and get them some steel cable, to be picked up in a Lowe's. Spitfire called in a favour with him, and he gave them a window of about a day.

It took them a few hours to retrieve the net. Hellebore asked what the others did for a living, guessing incorrectly that Spitfire was a smuggler. Dancer explained their quest, as a nun from India, leading others to enligtenment. Autumn was in Seattle from Greece, on a job.

Dancer left on the astral, finding a six-eyed creature on the astral in the house, and returning to share this information as Spitfire finished gearing the cargo net for takeoff.

Hellebore did their matrix magic, blessing the helicopter. Spitfire took it to be wizard shit again, despite it being perfectly mundane this time.

They flew their canyon run, pinging a landing site with surface search radar and landing a few km away.

The team disembarked, and Dancer summoned an Air spirit. Hellebore handed her a data tap, while Spitfire passed over their Fly Spy, then began deploying their larger drones.

The away team, consisting of Dancer and Autumn, made their way into town, and Spitfire hid their drones near town. Near the house, Dancer deployed the Fly Spy, which quickly located a hole with which it could enter. The house was a 5 room, 1 floor, with kitchen, bathroom, dining room, and enclosed porch.

The statues were on the feed in the enclosed porch. Spitfire suggested he could begin looking for the knife as the rest of the team secured the statues.

Dancer walked up to the door of the porch, and yanked it open. Then a spider spirit manifested behind the away team.

Dancer gave it a bow, greeting it formally. It introduced itself as "Chippers," asking why the team was attempting to enter the house. Dancer explained the situation, confirming with Chippers that an old man asked them to recover the statues, book, and knife. Chippers also explained he had his own deal with the late owner, that the contents of the house were theirs. Dancer and Chipper negotiated a deal: They retrieve the goods, and help Chippers with something they sought: The removal of the mortals in the town, making it "spider's place alone."

The away team retreated slightly, and Hellebore asked "why don't you just splatter him?" Dancer was hesitant to do so, instead asking Hellebore to spoof an emergency radio broadcast, warning of flash floods. Hellebore located the emergency receiver and began the hack, while Dancer prepared to summon a new spirit and sell the lie with some physical effects.

Autumn brought up that the spider's wording potentially meant the team would have to leave. Dancer relayed this to the team, but the team concluded Spitfire's drones could likely handle it.

Finishing the hack, and with Dancer's spirit manipulating the weather, the town quickly burst to life, with the East road filling with traffic.

The spider then rolled everything into the stream. Spitfire flew the helicopter over, and Autumn loaded the statues. On her cameras, Spitfire watched the flooding continue, stopping and circling around the town as a wall of water. Through the wall, Spitfire could see webbing creeping up the buildings.

As they approached Seattle, Hellebore contacted the Johnson, and he met them at the hill. Once the statues were unloaded, he handed over a credstick, then him, the box, and all four statues vanished.

Spitfire offered to fly the team home, and each was ferried to their location of choice.

Post Run Notes:
    - +1 GMP (streaming on Discord)
    - -1 chip on Tlaloc
    - -1 psyche
    - 28k (4 karma WFTM), KS Emergency Service Procedures, 1 chip Tlaloc

----

Game 2: Absolute Cinema
2025-09-11
GM: Rodeo (rabidanubis)
Players:
LateStagePythagorean (fragrantvagrant) as Janet the Support Mage
SliMesi as Pridemane the Beast Adept
fancyrat as Fancy the Shape-changer Adept Wheelman
Myself (Pon Pon) as Spitfire

Spitfire hadn't gotten as much work done on preparing the helo as she wanted, but had moved on to trying to figure out how their RCC work. A call from Tlaloc came in, notifying them of a job.

Still distracted, they made their way to the meeting location, a once nice beach on the peninsula in Laurelhurst: The Laurelhurst Beach Club. Nobody else was around, and it wasn't long before Spitfire saw "Pinto," Fancy's Shin-Hyung, and a modified, magical self-driving bicycle appeared as 9 p.m. rolled around.

Spitfire rolled down the window, placing a folding umbrella, still collapsed, on the roof. Fancy got out of Pinto, carrying her umbrella and a small bento box, with Raz close behind. She honed her cameras on a pontoon boat approaching over Lake Washington. Seeing this, Spitfire began setting up her wheelchair.

Janet asked "what brings you here? Is it crime? I like crime."

Raz and Janet got into a conversation about the legality of SINs until the boat pulled up, and the suits disembarked. A man in a straw hat asked them to jump aboardm, saying they asked the "tour company." "Step aboard..." they trailed off, noticing Spitfire in their wheelchair. "Ah, do we have a ramp, or..."

"I can handle myself."

Spitfire snapped their fingers, and their roto drone appeared to help board. Fancy offered to help, but Spitfire declined.

The Johnson pulled out some drinks. Fancy also unwrapped the bento box, carrying some sandwiches, saying they were real, not soy. Janet also offered apple oatmeal cookies. Spitfire declined all food and drink.

After getting far enough out, the Johnson pulled out a white noise generator, and said this team seemed perfect for the job, mentioning the pay was 18k, outside of Seattle, and relatively unknown but alive. Somewhere along the Pacific coast, within the old US territory.

The territory was out of the city, but no heavy guard was expected.

Janet asked if it was a lost pet, the cute cat Cinema. It didn't take long for Spitfire to figure out that they were on the job because they had a helicopter.

Feeling something was off, Spitfire negotatied a 5k damages account, if any of her drones or helicopter was damaged.

With negotiations complete, the Johnson began explaining the situation. Miss Tenaria, the wealthy owner of the show cat Cinema, was wandering in the contested zone near the Tir. They were jumped by elves near Kep'el, and Tenaria was captured. She was summarily executed, but the cat escaped North.

Janet asked Spitfire about transport, and they explained possible strategies for deployment. Spitfire took them to her compound, moving to her garage to work on finishing her oddmod.

"Oh, you just need to attach that to the motherboard... The first thing you need to do is make sure the spirits are on your side."

Janet helped with the odd mod in her own way, and with that finished they moved to the rest of the team to plan... Or rather, the team dumped it all on Spitfire to get them in without issue.

She thought through three options. Flying through the mountains was very stealthy, but ran the risk if they were spotted they would immediately be suspicous. Flying over the water was less suspicious but also provided less radar cover. Or flying in legitimately was always an option, but required a face.

Fancy mentioned she preferred wheels on the ground, and trusted Spitfire's word that they were one of the most active pilots on the hub.

With some help from Janet's spirits, the helo was flying better than ever. Too much even for Spitfire to handle. She took it easy through the canyon run, also assisted by perception altering magic, and punched it once they left the cover in a straight line to the cat's last known location.

As they returned to a speed at which normal people could perceive, the team found themselves over the location where the collar was last detected. He shoved the climbing gear to the rest of the team.

"Alright, get to work."

Fancy and Pridemane began trying to ask Raz whether he would rather be carried or shapechanged. Janet took matters into their own hands, diving out of the helicopter, while Fancy shapechanged Raz into an Eagle. Raz dove out next, nearly plummeting to the ground but managing to adjust, as Pridemane and Fancy rappelled.

Janet retrieved her spirit, but kept the concealment magic on the helicopter, until the spirit expired after searching for the spirit.

The team decided to continue on foot, and Spitfire flipped on her surface search to find a place to land. Scanning through her data, she found a couple candidate sites around where they expected  the cat and some prisoners were being held.

Janet tugged on one of the ropes, sending a DNI to Spitfire that she wanted to take a nap. Spitfire deployed the Dustoff to bring her back aboard, then landed in a nearby clearing to save fuel until the suncells started charging in the morning. She deployed her Doberman to follow the team in, setting her Agent to monitor the matrix around the helo.

Suddenly, Spitfire got a notification from their Agent:

"There are lights coming through the forest. I believe they are attempting to converge at this location."

Spitfire let off a string of curses in French, and jumped back into the helicopter, commanding the Dalmation to return. Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Spitfire, Fancy had just.. stepped on a guy?

As Fancy and Pridemade dealt with the problem, Spitfire ID'ed the three jeeps approaching. Two with HMGs and one with a drone rack. Some rocket launchers. Clearly making their way to the clearing.

Spitfire spun up the blades, then jumped back into the Dalmation to get it there faster, as Janet futiley attempted to hide the helicopter with magic.

The jeeps reached the clearing, and were clearly confused at this heliopter with music playing and lights flashing. Especially since they hadn't noticed it until that point. Janet moved to the door, and someone who appeared to be the leader hopped off their jeep and began approaching.

He began grilling Janet as to why they were there. Janet tried deflecting some of the anger by implying the Californian Free State was causing problems again, but the elf still implied they wanted to sieze the helicopter for their cause. Unfortunately, the captain wasn't convinced, so Janet cast Influence while vaunting that the elves back in her day were prouder and nobler than stealing from old ladies.

This caused the enemy mage to astrally percieve, and panic, seeing Janet's power. She may have also cast a sneaky second Influence on the mage, causing him to think she was significantly more powerful than them.

With the elves gone, the team decided on a plan of attack: Spitfire wanted to fly over as a distraction, and to get cameras on the camp, while others on the team snuck in from the south. Spitfire flep up to the camp, switching to wireless off as a decker began attacking, and faking picking up the team to throw off the opfor. She flew over the north to draw attention that way, as Fancy snuck in from the South, she identified jury rigged SAM site: soviet-era missile tubes hardwired to a modern radar.

A plague of biblical proportions began to swarm the camp, as Fancy worked her magic, and Raz and Pridemane encountered one of the patrol jeeps. As they gunned the engine to chase Raz, Prideman killed the driver, spearing the driver, and sending two of the passengers flying as the jeep rolled.

Spitfire flicked her wireless back on to an AR feed of Pridemane butchering the two surviving passengers.

She evaded a missile lock from the radar system, moving to the closest landing sight. Two unguided missiles flew past, Spitfire evading gently and with ease, before landing. Janet and Spitfire discussed next steps, with Spitfire saying he wanted to geek the decker, who to riggers were basically a mage. Janet also mentioned there was a mage somewhere, suggesting they take the decker and Spitfire the mage.

Regardless, Janet sent a spirit to help Fancy capture the cat, the team reconvened and Prideman had a new toy scavenged off a jeep.

Janet began tending to Pridemane as Spitfire flicked some switches in the cockpit, then dove back into VR and took off.

"Strap your harnesses, Janet keep an eye on that spirit, and fuck deckers. We'll fly too fast for them."

She took off, evading target lock and two more SAMs.

Spitfire asked if Pridemane wanted to use their new toy, but Pridemane responded that it was too damaged, so they began flying the canyon run in reverse, as significant speed.

She flew over Lake Washington, seeing 5 figures on the boat and an Ares Roadmaster and some other cars on the water. The people in the boat, two catgirls, aimed a rifle and HMG at them, as the Johnson quickly stopped them. As Spitfire pulled up alongside, the Johnson shouted a greeting at them:

"You know there's a thing called a commcode, right?!"

Spitfire called his comm, which he answered to be able to talk over the sound of the blades.

"You should've hired a decker."

Then, Fancy held the cat like in the Lion King, stepped onto the boat and handed over the cat.

"I don't really know what to do when another team shows up during a meet, but let me get the credsticks."

Fancy received the credsticks, and the last thing they heard was "are we extracting a cat too?

"No, no, it's a bull!"

They flew back to the compound, and Spitfire got to editing as the team parted ways.

Post session:
- NEED MOAR DAKKA
- 2 stars on Janet's rankings
- 30k nuyen (10k WTFN), 3 karma, chip on Tlaloc, KS: Military Vehicles
- Low ett

----

Game 1: Blowing Hard
2025-08-30
GM: legionof1
Players:
thibbledorfpwen as Avicenna, the Human "Medecker" (Mage/Decker)
littleangel/PanzerKamfWagen-727 as Svafa, the Human "FLR Viking" (Sniper/Muscle)
ArchmageAstra as Dopey, the Human "Not Exactly Complex" (Muscle)
Myself (Pon Pon) as Spitfire, the Human "Helo Rigger" (Rigger)

12 hours before the meet, they were given the location: A bar in "The Joke" in the Redmond Barrens. Unbeknownst to her, this was a Yakuza establishment, which the other gangs would steer clear of. Spitfire donned her mask.

She prepped the helo for takeoff, then hopped in her Click. She arrived early, to look for a subtle place to park.

With her Roto-Drone in tow, she entered the establishment that clearly meant business, not acknowledging the four guards with assault rifles.

The client explained the job: One that required discretion, and an "excess of violence." He needed a facility destroyed, providing explosives and compensation. He opened with an offer of 16k each. The team exchanged DNI, trying to figure out who would negotiate. Between the dope, the Frenchman, and the Decker they figured the 2m tall viking lady was their best option.

With the futile attempt to increase the pay, the client told them about the small pier, on which the buildings needing razing sat. Security would be light. He slid over a chip, looking at Spitfire and mentioning its island location. The time limit was three days, and upon prompting, offered an advance of 6k.

Asked about the explosives, one of the guards was prompted to place a duffel bag of explosives, saying it should be sufficient for both blowing the pier's supports, and a little extra for dealing with opfor.

Avicenna took the explosives, after asking and receiving a negative from the rest of the team about explosives experience. He also asked about the guard, which they were told well armed and drone patrols. The response would be as expected, as it was within territorial affilliation, though the water was NAN. The client mentioned a rapid clear of the area would be in order.

With that, Avicenna handed Dopey the bag, and they went to Svafa's house. As they left, Spitfire caught a glance on her Mercedes' cameras of a well armoured van with a hastily covered corporate logo on the back, presumably the client's vehicle.

Realizing armour may be an issue, Spitfire mentioned they could just go to the airstrip anyways, since they would need to board the helo, though they ended up at Svafa's in the end, with Dopey ducking into a bathroom to get changed.

Avicenna began discussing the team's skills, getting the sinking feeling this would be a fairly brute force operation.

Spitfire thought there shouldn't be too much trouble getting in, but getting out untangled from Goat Island at the North end of Skaggett Bay would be difficult due to the relative confinement of the Sound, and the NAN's aggressive response. She mentioned that her helicopter could outrun anything similar with her piloting, but jets or SAMs would be an issue.

Avicenna did a matrix search on NAN's security, finding that it was most likely SAM sites and naval craft to be concerned with, though there was a possibility a spirit would be deployed.

Discussing the insertion, it came up that the two muscles wanted to go in stealth. However, Spitfire mentioned that helicopter engines were not exactly quiet, and it was so that neither muscle had parachuting experience.

To help with Dopey's moron antics, Avicenna cast some magic to improve Dopey's mental skills.

Spitfire mentioned that she could place her car on the bridge, though the team agreed the air was a better plan. Spitfire began planning a route to avoid the nearby airbase and its radar site.

Avicenna also handed Spitfire a sitcker of a red flash, saying it would make the helicopter faster when needed. Spitfire then helped the team gear up, with everyone wearing a parachute. Avicenna took some convincing, but once they learned it was in case the helicopter ceased to exist it didn't take much longer.

With alchemical preps handed out, Spitfire took her pills and spun up the blades.

She jumped into the Little Buddy and began sneaking the boat in. She navigated the boat politely out of the marina, and a safe distance from the island. Next, she flew the helicopter, sneaking through the radar blind spots and using the rain as cover.

Spitfire spotted 4 guards on the pier through her cameras as they approached, and six Roto-Drones. Spitfire reported the counts, and gave a T minus. Avicenna began hacking the opfor RCC. Then Spitfire popped up, and the team deployed. After Savfa took out a rocket turret, and Avicenna disabled the opfor rigger, Spitfire deployed her Doberman, jumping into it and commanding the AN-822 to maintain position and evade.

Spitfire's drones began suppressing with stick n' shock while the other two pulled chutes and continued to shoot.

One last burst from the team, and the last of the guards they could see were down. Comms went dark on the island, but Spitfire could see lights from traffic further in the island.

Svafa smashed down the door down, and the group entered the building. She brought the helicopter low, using her Dustoff to stow the chutes, then dropped lines for the team to climb.

As they took off, a target lock indicator lit up. She flipped the helicopter, as the missile went screaming by Dopey, who was still climbing up, leaving him hanging from one of the skids.

"What are you waiting for? Get in!"

As he climbed in, she spun the helicopter flat, and another missile flew past, splashing them. She whizzed past, towards the mountains, breaking line of sight among the hills as she took a lazy route around Seattle, then popping up closer to the landing strip and blending in with traffic.

Post Session:
    - Loaded SNS on both ARs
        - Doberman: 26 rds
    - Duct tape/glue?
    - Still need to buy pharma grade Cereprax (done)
    - Add boat to spreadsheet
    - Add behicle ett to spreadsheet (done)
    - 18k nuyen, 5 karma WFTN (10k), 1 karma, KS Security Procedures, chip on Riku Honda
    - Retconned boat (Riku is Air Trait)